cuda device count: 1
cuda device name: GeForce GTX 1080
cuda is available: True
Question: what is machine learning?
.........
Answer: for payment card issuers
Text with answer: [CLS] what is machine learning ?  netcetera certified as developer  - developer  andrej vckovski , chief executive officer " title = " popover on bottom " > - protection against credit card abuse during online payments topay digital payment service hub - your wallet & brand . powered by our wallet - as - a - service . - on top of your finances at all times - digital user authentication . secure & easy . - passenger information and ticketing without boundaries - digital publishing . today already , for tomorrow . - fraud detection system : stop losing money . today . - voting for events , blended learning and 2nd screen services - boost the efficiency of your inspection processes more about our industries and topics we are the specialist for software products and custom solutions - from strategy to operations . member of the board of directors our employees enjoy the fact that they can count on every member of our community . we are proud of our many loyal employees . as a leading swiss software company , we support our customers worldwide with trend - setting products and custom software . netcetera certified as developer  visa and acertigo certify netcetera for development and operation of payment systems swiss it service provider netcetera has successfully passed audits of the payment card industry ( pci ) and is certified as a developer and operator of payment systems . this certification guarantees that systems deployed by netcetera fulfill the worldwide high security requirements of the payment card industry and 3 - d secure . netcetera has a long history as a partner of companies in the payment sector and specializes in developing , operating and maintaining systems for secure payment transactions . the worldwide requirements and standards of the payment card issuers are fulfilled . netcetera ’ s systems come into play when credit card customers check their transactions , banks manage their payment cards or secure online shops are operated . for example , for the safe shopping and payment on the internet , netcetera implemented the 3 - d secure technology standard for various swiss and foreign customers . their 3 - d secure systems are also operated by netcetera . the payment card industry data security standard ( pci dss ) defines the rules for payment transactions . it is supported by all major credit card organizations , and it governs the processing of credit card transactions according to defined criteria and processes . business enterprises and service providers that store , transmit or process credit card transactions must fulfill these standards and conform to the rules . pci is based on the 
.....
Answer: digital user authentication
Text with answer: [CLS] what is machine learning ?  wemlin now also available for android smartphones - new app for public transport in st . gallen and vicinity andrej vckovski , chief executive officer " title = " popover on bottom " > - protection against credit card abuse during online payments topay digital payment service hub - your wallet & brand . powered by our wallet - as - a - service . - on top of your finances at all times -  . secure & easy . - passenger information and ticketing without boundaries - digital publishing . today already , for tomorrow . - fraud detection system : stop losing money . today . - voting for events , blended learning and 2nd screen services - boost the efficiency of your inspection processes more about our industries and topics we are the specialist for software products and custom solutions - from strategy to operations . member of the board of directors our employees enjoy the fact that they can count on every member of our community . we are proud of our many loyal employees . as a leading swiss software company , we support our customers worldwide with trend - setting products and custom software . wemlin now also available for android smartphones new app for public transport in st . gallen and vicinity as of monday , 13 august 2012 , iphone and android smartphone users can download wemlin for free . the application displays upcoming departure times for each bus stop on the " verkehrsbetriebe st . gallen " ( vbsg ) and regiobus networks in real time . the intention is to extend this real - time information to all public transport networks in the ostwind fare zone . wemlin was developed by the swiss software company netcetera . pilot scheme with vbsg and regiobus this year , vbsg and regiobus ag , led by the st . gallen transport authorities , embarked upon a project to develop a smartphone app on behalf of the canton of st . gallen office for public transportation . from monday 13 august 2012 , all users of iphones or smartphones using the android operating system can download the wemlin public transport app to their phones . the app allows the user to view upcoming departure times for any stop on the vbsg or regiobus networks in real time . developed by the software company netcetera , the app includes other useful features in addition to current departure times . for example , the " locate me " function allows passengers to view all of the bus stops in close proximity to their 
...................
Answer: to focus more on new digital technologies and
Text with answer: [CLS] what is machine learning ?  many banks are losing touch with the mobile banking trend - many banks are losing touch with the mobile banking trend andrej vckovski , chief executive officer " title = " popover on bottom " > - protection against credit card abuse during online payments topay digital payment service hub - your wallet & brand . powered by our wallet - as - a - service . - on top of your finances at all times - digital user authentication . secure & easy . - passenger information and ticketing without boundaries - digital publishing . today already , for tomorrow . - fraud detection system : stop losing money . today . - voting for events , blended learning and 2nd screen services - boost the efficiency of your inspection processes more about our industries and topics we are the specialist for software products and custom solutions - from strategy to operations . member of the board of directors our employees enjoy the fact that they can count on every member of our community . we are proud of our many loyal employees . as a leading swiss software company , we support our customers worldwide with trend - setting products and custom software . many banks are losing touch with the mobile banking trend banks are increasingly confronted with the change to digital business models . the rapid spread of mobile devices has a major impact on how we use our bank accounts . according to a study by the lucerne university of applied sciences , many banks are falling seriously behind in mobile banking . over 50 percent of internet accesses in switzerland now involve mobile devices . anyone who misses this trend risks being left behind by the competition . increasing deployment of digital business models and a trend towards greater use of online products and services have been evident in the retail banking sector for years . in their latest bank survey in 2014 , the lucerne university of applied sciences examined how swiss banks deal with technological trends such as mobile banking . the study authors concluded that the banks need  said that banks are falling seriously behind in the digital race . the banks need to embrace this trend , as otherwise their direct competitors or large technology companies could meet their customers ' needs better in the future . apple , google and facebook have been trying to penetrate the cashless payment market for a good while already . there is a real demand for this technology , as can be seen from the above - mentioned study . however , it is worth noting that bank customers prefer the mobile banking services of their own banks for security and privacy reasons . the swiss software company netcetera , which also has a branch in 
..................
Executed in 0:02:39.198479
