Andrej Vckovski Chief Executive Officer

As we fight the coronavirus outbreak, which has killed 19 people in the US and more than 3,500 worldwide, officials are emphasizing all it takes is one touch for microbes on your fingers to slip into your body through your nostril, eyes or mouth. 

"Viruses that affect the respiratory system enter the body through mucosal membranes which are found in the nose, oral cavity and lips.  With poor hand hygiene, it's easy to acquire a viral infection this way," says Dr.  Dawn Mueni Becker, an infectious disease specialist in Gainesville, Florida. 

But we've been touching our faces all our lives, and stopping that habit is easier said than done. 

On Friday, a video widely shared on social media showed a California health official touching her face during a news conference advising people not to do that as the coronavirus outbreak spreads. 

"Start working on not touching your face, because one main way viruses spread is when you touch your own mouth, nose or eyes," she says.  Then she licks her finger to flip to the next page of her remarks -- seemingly unaware she was not following her own advice. 

Even one notorious self-proclaimed germaphobe can't help himself.  "I haven't touched my face in weeks -- in weeks.  I miss it," Touching your face is at times tied to stress

Like most behaviors, constant face touching starts at a young age and becomes a habit over time.  People touch their face for various reasons.  One 2014 federal government study suggested it helps reduce stress and discomfort

"Spontaneous facial self-touch gestures are performed manifold every day by every human being, primarily in stressful situations," the study says.  "These movements are not usually designed to communicate and are frequently accomplished with little or no awareness. "

Touching your face is so common, there's a website that uses your webcam to notify you when you touch your face and keeps track of how many times you do it. 

There are safe ways to touch your face

Our CEO Andrej Vckovski testing Media World app

Credit card payments are not the only area where online transactions must conform to stringent security and reliability levels.  Stringent compliance standards are also necessary for card management.  PCI certification once again highlights our expertise in payment systems comments Andrej Vckovski CEO of the Netcetera Group.  Netcetera has the specialists necessary to develop operate and maintain such high-security systems and to support our customers in certifications and audits of this sort he adds.  Now that we have obtained PCI DSS certification we are able to offer our comprehensive range of products and services to the payment card industry.