New Timetabling Software for Swiss Railway - Pilot operation for Swiss railway.
Offering.
Career.
Company.
Welcome!
Andrej Vckovski Chief Executive Officer.
We are open to your questions.
info@netcetera.com +41 44 297 55 55.
Locations.
Products.
Markets and innovation.
Services.
References.
Finance & Payment industry 3-D Secure Issuer Service.
Protection against credit card abuse during online payments.
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub.
Your wallet & brand.
Powered by our wallet-as-a-service.
Mobile Banking.
On top of your finances at all times 3-D Secure Acquiring Products.
Secure online commerce.
Netcetera Auth.
Digital user authentication.
Secure & easy.
Products for other industries.
Wemlin.
Passenger information and ticketing without boundaries.
Forward Publishing.
Digital Publishing.
Today already for tomorrow.
Healthcare Ecosystem.
Flexible and custom-fit.
RiSIC.
Fraud detection system: Stop losing money.
Today.
DirectPoll.
Voting for events blended learning and 2nd screen services.
Inspect AR.
Boost the efficiency of your inspection processes.
MORE ABOUT OUR PRODUCTS.
Industries.
Secure Digital Payment.
Financial Technology.
Media.
Transport.
Healthcare.
Innovation focus topics.
Augmented Reality.
Artificial Intelligence.
Blockchain.
Conversational Interfaces.
Mobile.
MORE ABOUT OUR INDUSTRIES AND TOPICS.
What we offer.
Our skills.
Our happy customers.
What we do.
We are the specialist for software products and custom solutions - from strategy to operations.
Mike Franz.
Member of the Board of Directors.
Open jobs.
Video stories.
Working with us.
Our employees enjoy the fact that they can count on every member of our community.
We are proud of our many loyal employees.
Dominique Ramelet.
CHRO.
About us.
Management.
Community.
Awards.
Start-ups.
News & media.
Blog.
Who we are.
As a leading Swiss software company we support our customers worldwide with trend-setting products and custom software.
Andrej Vckovski.
CEO.
Media release 30 January 2008.
New Timetabling Software for Swiss Railway.
Pilot Operation.
Netcetera together with Ergon and NOSE is developing the NeTS software system for the Swiss Federal Railways (SBB).
SBB will use the system to plan its nationwide passenger and freight traffic from 2010 onwards.
The pilot phase of one of the largest Eclipse RCP projects in Switzerland will run until June 2008.
NeTS represents a highly successful collaboration between all the parties.
Every year.
Swiss Federal Railways (SBB) transports around 285 million passengers and 60 million tonnes of freight along more than 3000 kilometers of track which connects a total of 824 stations.
SBB statistics indicate that 96.2% of the trains run on time.
A high-quality service of this kind is obviously the result of very careful planning.
In order to organize the 17,000 passenger and freight trains which travel through the country every day SBB has relied both on its extensive experience and on software.
Since July 2007 SBB has been testing a new timetabling system called NeTS.
NeTS stands for network-wide track system and has been developed by Netcetera in close cooperation with the client SBB the IT service provider Ergon and the design agency NOSE.
Following successful field trials NeTS is scheduled to replace the current annual planning system at the end of June 2008.
The 2010 timetable will be the first to be created using NeTS.
Vital Experience and New Software Help to Meet Complex Challenges.
Currently the 300 or so planners in various SBB offices who are responsible for developing the passenger and freight timetables work with a variety of different planning systems and on the basis of the company's 125 years of experience.
This experience is vital.
Without it planning the journeys of thousands of passenger and goods trains and ensuring that they arrived in the right place at the right time and on the right track would present numerous problems.
Of course SBB is already using a software system for this purpose.
However the existing system has reached its technical limits and can no longer be developed to meet the challenges of the future.
For this reason SBB decided at the end of 2005 following an extensive tendering process to commission Netcetera to develop a new timetabling system with their partners Ergon and NOSE.
By the end of 2009 SBB will have a unique future-proof software solution designed specifically to meet its needs.
The system will take four years and thousands of man days to develop.
Netcetera is responsible for coordinating the close and successful partnership between the client and the project team members.
As a result of the highly positive nature of the collaboration the SBB planners were able to start field-testing NeTS in the autumn of 2007 and are now providing valuable feedback from their practical experience of the system to the developers.
User-Friendly Detailed and Precise.
The new system calculates a train's journey time on the basis of its exact route taking into account curves the specific track and even topographical features.
The graphical support provided by NeTS makes the work of the SBB planners significantly easier.
The new system integrates three previous individual solutions for planning routes nodes (stations) and maintenance work.
One of the Largest Eclipse RCP Projects in Switzerland.
NeTS will not only be able to represent reality more accurately but will also have seamless interfaces to existing SBB systems as a result of its open architecture.
One of these systems is for example the train movement calculation system which calculates the exact journey times on the basis of the route and its topography.
Each section of track is assigned an accurately calculated travel time.
Buffer time for travel and stops can be monitored and is clearly indicated on the screen.
The software also allows for precise daily planning using different routes stops and types of trains.
Numerous integrated support functions are also available to give SBB an overview of its highly detailed timetable.
It goes without saying that huge volumes of data have to be processed to a high level of efficiency in order to display the complex comprehensive plans.
NeTS is currently one of the largest Eclipse Rich Client Platform projects in Switzerland.
It has been developed on the basis of current SOA and Java EE standards to ensure that it is open and has a long service life.
IBM Websphere Oracle and Hibernate are some of the other applications that are being used in the system.
NeTS is a team effort which SBB Netcetera and their partners will be proud of long after 2010.
The new NeTS planning system for SBB allows every route to be planned from end-to-end including branch arrival departure and main lines.
NeTS includes a track diagram function and a time and route graph for route planning.
The main track allocation function of NeTS will in future allow train movements into the stations (referred to as nodes) to be planned with complete precision.
More stories.
On this topic.
First Swiss Railway Timetable.
Netcetera software for SBB 09 February 2010.
Netcetera developed the NeTS software.
The World's most powerful planning Software for Railways 28 August 2008.
UnionPay certification for 3DS products.
Major improvement for e-commerce payments worldwide 20 May 2020 20 years of payment expertise in 45 min.
Join our interactive webinar series on top payment topics 30 April 2020.
New office in Singapore.
Netcetera takes another step towards global expansion 24 March 2020.
Payment trend scouting.
Where does the journey in digital payment take us? 23 March 2020.
Digital ownership management solution.
Powered by permissioned distributed ledger technology 27 February 2020.
Solving disruptions in networks with AI.
Among five best in Flatland Challenge by SBB 09 January 2020.
Berliner Zeitung with Swiss software.
Converting digital processes and technology in six weeks 03 December 2019.
Trans-European rail scheduling.
Path Coordination System for RailNetEurope 26 November 2019.
Leading CONCORDIA into a digital future.
Secure and high-performance system integration 21 October 2019.
First 3-D Secure 2.0 transactions in CH.
Datatrans and Cornèrcard rely on Netcetera 3DS products 11 October 2019.
New Executive Management Board member.
We appointed Mark Faris as our new CFO 07 October 2019.
Digital Publishing.
Launching a complete software solution for publishing houses 13 June 2019.
Insight delivers insights and outlook.
Dialogue platform for customers with customers 21 May 2019.
Driving Artificial Intelligence.
Joint venture AI First launched with 4Quant 27 March 2019 3-D Secure for DKB.
Simplifying online credit card payment with biometrics 20 March 2019.
MORE STORIES.
Navigation.
Markets.
Careers.
Quick access.
News & Media.
Contact & Locations.
Privacy Policy.
Legal Information.
Headquarters.
Netcetera.
Zypressenstrasse 71.
PO Box 8040 Zürich.
Switzerland.
T +41 44 297 55 55.
Android Developer Challenge: - The birth of public transport app Wemlin.
Wemlin 29 April 2008.
Android Developer Challenge:
Tramdroid - Netcetera Catches the Right Tram.
The Netcetera team Daniel Eichhorn and Stefan Ferstl developed an astounding cutting-edge application based on the licence-free mobile device platform Android.
They have entered the project called Tramdroid in the worldwide Android Developer Challenge.
Tramdroid is a perfect example of high-quality software development and may very soon be ensuring that cell phone users never again miss the next tram.
Android the licence-free platform for mobile devices generates significant interest.
Google has brought together more than 30 companies from all over the world to form the Open Handset Alliance and to cooperate on developing Android.
The aim of the platform is to allow rapid access to internet data such as e-mails or interactive maps using mobile devices.
Mobile data can be combined with data stored on the device for example mobile geo-data and saved contact details.
The software development toolkit for Android is now available for developers all over the world to download so that they can transform their ideas into programs.
The Vision of the Open Handset Alliance.
The objective of the Open Handset Alliance is to accelerate innovation on the mobile market.
They created Android for that purpose.
The companies Noser and Esmertec represent Android in Switzerland as members of the alliance.
Netcetera benefits from its participation in the Android Challenge to which it has contributed its in-depth Java expertise and extensive experience of open source platforms.
In addition Netcetera also has a considerable network of potential customers for Android-based applications.
Alongside the Android Developer Challenge the company is holding its own Android competition and has initiated Android prototype projects.
Android? Tramdroid!
The Netcetera team submitted their project to the Android Developer Challenge in April.
The prizes for the development of the best applications total 10 million US dollars.
Daniel Eichhorn and Stefan Ferstl's project is appropriately called Tramdroid.
As its name suggests the program provides information about tram lines routes and departure times in the city of Zurich.
The development process involved data from 13 lines more than 170 stops and 260,000 departure times which the developers have cleverly compressed and concatenated.
The result is a highly functional and user-friendly program with a visually appealing user interface.
The Vision of the Tramdroid Engineers.
The concept behind the development of the application is to allow rapid access to travel information in situations where time is short.
Current information systems for mobile devices are slow and not particularly user-friendly.
Tramdroid allows users to find out a tram’s departure time and direction of travel within just a few seconds.
The program identifies the location of the cell phone users and advises them whether they need to run or simply stroll to the next stop.
The stop can either be selected on an animated map or entered in text form.
Tramdroid displays the departure times of the next trams and in the text-based version the journey time to the destination.
A Glimpse of the Future.
The first version of the Tramdroid software is based on timetables and not on real-time data.
This means that it currently does not take account of service interruptions or delays caused by accidents or heavy traffic.
Incorporating the real-time data is feasible and worthwhile - we anticipate exciting developments in this area.
However no mobile devices are yet available to run Android applications.
The Open Handset Alliance is working hard towards solutions for a new mobile world.
Engineers in test mode: Daniel Eichhorn (center) the initiator of Tramdroid; Stefan Ferstl (right) software developer and Stefan Tramm (left) Netcetera's Android project leader.
Cross-border ticket with TNW Tickets App.
Boundless mobility thanks to Wemlin tickets 10 September 2018.
Rail production technology partner.
SBB Informatik 17 August 2018.
In-house public transport ticketing.
Eco-friendly travel from headquarters to remote locations 28 June 2018.
Wemlin Universal Windows App.
The app now runs on all devices with Windows 10 25 September 2017.
Free rides with cinema ticket & BLT App.
Wemlin Tickets Promotions-Toolbox loyalty program 26 June 2017.
Voice-controlled timetable search.
Google Assistant news from Google I/O 14 June 2017.
Full-house at our AR workshop.
Creating value with Augmented Reality 23 May 2017.
Toward natural conversation with devices.
Behind-the-scenes look 05 May 2017.
HoloLens at SBB.
Successful test for maintenance of trains 20 April 2017 Mixed reality at Museum of Transport.
Hololens breathes new life into ship 04 April 2017.
Six awards!
Our projects scooped the prizes at Best of Swiss App Award 17 November 2016.
Digital trip through Transport Museum.
Our CEO Andrej Vckovski testing Media World app 15 November 2016.
LiveGuide: Digital traveling companion of the Zentralbahn.
First railway company using RailVista 06 June 2016.
Wemlin Tickets.
App automatically calculates supplementary zones 23 May 2016.
The World's most powerful planning Software for Railways - The World's most powerful planning Software for Railways.
Media release 28 August 2008.
The World's most powerful planning Software for Railways.
Swiss Railway are creating their Timetable for 2010.
Netcetera developed the NeTS software for the Swiss Federal Railways (SBB) together with their partners Ergon and NOSE.
SBB is currently using the system to plan its nationwide passenger and freight traffic for the year 2010.
The world's most powerful planning software for railways also stands for a highly successful collaboration between all the parties.
After successful pilot operation Swiss Federal Railways (SBB) is now working on their timetable for 2010.
New Timetabling Software for SBB.
Pilot operation for Swiss railway 30 January 2008.
First Swiss Railway Timetable with Netcetera Software - Netcetera software for SBB.
Media release 09 February 2010.
First Swiss Railway Timetable with Netcetera Software.
Successful Planning - First Endurance Test passed.
Since 13 December 2009 the Swiss Railway is running according to schedule 2010.
The timetable was planned with software by Netcetera.
With it, SBB plans all journeys of freight and passenger trains.
The internationally awarded Swiss software passed the first endurance test well on the day of the timetable change: A derailment at Zürich's main station necessitated the re-scheduling of more than 1,000 trains.
The exemplary and close cooperation between customer and the project partners Netcetera Ergon and NOSE was essential for the successful start of the new planning software.
20100209-medienmitteilung-netcetera-sbb-nets.pdf.
Size: 34 KB.
First Swiss iApp with Payment Function - PostFinance goes mobile with Netcetera.
Secure digital payment 08 September 2010.
First Swiss iApp with Payment Function.
PostFinance goes mobile with Netcetera.
On 6 September 2010, PostFinance launched a free iApp for the Apple iPhone with payment function.
PostFinance is the first financial institution in Switzerland with an app allowing the users to transfer small amounts from one postal account to another.
Netcetera developed the high security application that also features a search function to find the nearest Postomats (ATM) and up-to-date stock market information.
With the launch of this mobile personal financial assistant PostFinance positions itself as an innovative financial institution.
Major improvement for e-commerce payments worldwide 20 May 2020.
Strong boost for cashless payments.
Corona crisis and the future of paying 19 May 2020 3-D Secure 2.2 brings important progress.
Easier more convenient and safer payment in e-commerce 06 May 2020 20 years of payment expertise in 45 min.
EMV 3DS 2.2.0 certified.
More approved transactions with Netcetera 3DS Server & SDK 30 March 2020.
Online-Shopping: Easy & secure payment.
Our payment experts at the MPE 25 February 2020.
Addressing challenges in e-commerce.
How tokenization and SRC can help 13 February 2020.
Boost approved transaction volumes.
Five reasons to update to EMV 3DS 2.2.0 13 February 2020.
Scheme tokenization services.
How to increase eCommerce conversion and security 05 December 2019.
Two Gold awards at Digital Economy Award.
Viseca one app honored for Highest Digital Quality 29 November 2019.
Digital Payment 2020.
Our experts’ insights at the Swiss Payment Forum 12 November 2019.
Winners: Viseca one and InspectAR apps.
Best of Swiss Apps Award 2019 07 November 2019.
First in Europe with Amex Safekey 2.0 certification.
Netcetera 3DS ACS is ready as one of only three worldwide 22 October 2019.
Netcetera Innovation Summit 2019.
Insights into digital payment from our experts 14 October 2019.
'Verified by Visa' andMasterCard SecureCode' now also introduced at Swisscard - 3-D Secure implemented for Swisscard.
Secure digital payment 10 February 2011.
Verified by Visa and MasterCard SecureCode now also introduced at Swisscard.
Netcetera implements 3-D Secure for Swisscard.
With Swisscard Netcetera introduced the 3-D Secure technology standard yet for another credit card issuer in Switzerland.
Swisscard customers are using the security standards for online credit card payments Verified by Visa and MasterCard SecureCode .
3-D Secure is the internationally recognized Visa (Verified by Visa) and MasterCard (MasterCard SecureCode) cardholder identification and can be deployed for online transactions.
The online payment by credit card is comparable with a personal payment in a shop where customers sign or type in their personal PIN.
Swisscard is Switzerland’s last big credit card issuer that decided to introduce 3-D Secure with the help of Netcetera.
Netcetera is not only specialized in implementations of 3-D Secure but also hosts this Service for Swisscard Aduno (Viseca) Paynet Austria and Cetrel (SIX Group).
«We run a multi-client enabled 3-D Secure service in our own data centers.
The hosting complies with the strictest security requirements by Visa and MasterCard.
This includes for example complex data encryption and an absolute restrictive access to the 3-D Secure servers» commentsThomas Fromherz responsible for Payment & Card Services at Netcetera.
Netcetera is top with iApp for PostFinance at Best of Swiss Web - Silver and Bronze for Innovation and online Marketing.
Secure digital payment.
Awards 01 April 2011.
Netcetera is top with iApp for PostFinance at Best of Swiss Web.
Silver and Bronze for Innovation and online Marketing.
The Best of Swiss Web Association awarded the PostFinance iPhone application engineered by Netcetera with two prizes.
At the award night at the Kongresshaus Zürich on 31 March 2011 the iApp won a silver medal for innovation: It is Switzerland’s first mobile application enabling easy and secure payment account balance look-up and calling card charging directly with the iPhone.
Further the mobile application received the bronze medal in the category Online Marketing.
More about Best of Swiss Web 2011.
PostFinance goes mobile with Netcetera 08 September 2010.
Digital Assets in real estate.
Secure token offerings as alternative for private investors 04 March 2020.
Real-time Travel Information for Liechtenstein Bus Anstalt - Wemlin POS makes Bus Travel even more convenient.
Vaduz 17 August 2011.
Real-time Travel Information for Liechtenstein Bus Anstalt.
Wemlin POS from Netcetera makes Bus Travel even more convenient for Liechtensteiners.
All Liechtenstein Bus passengers now have reliable information on the exact departure times of their buses at their fingertips.
Travelers can view real-time data online or on digital displays at bus stops.
They can be sure to be always up-to-date with the real bus operation.
This is all made possible thanks to Netcetera’s Wemlin POS.
The Wemlin POS is updated constantly and displays up-to-the-minute details on the upcoming departure times at bus stops while the familiar info boards are also dynamically generated online meaning that bus users can find out bus departure times for any stop using their web browser.
The real-time information is especially handy to inform passengers about delays or cancellations.
This practical cost-free service is ideal for web-compatible displays on public property as well as in restaurants and shops.
It is also perfect for internal company websites and smartphones.
Real-time bus departure times for Liechtenstein Bus on the web.
More about Liechtenstein Bus Anstalt.
Success factors for AI in companies 03 October 2019.
Digital revolution in working life.
AR and CI Workshop in Liechtenstein 26 March 2018.
Meet us at job fairs in spring 2018.
Where to find us 16 February 2018.
Meet us at Swiss job fairs.
Where to find us 06 February 2017.
Netcetera Certified as Developer for Payment Card Issuers - Developer for Payment Card Issuers.
Media release 23 August 2011.
Netcetera Certified as Developer for Payment Card Issuers.
Visa and Acertigo certify Netcetera for Development and Operation of Payment Systems.
Swiss IT service provider Netcetera has successfully passed audits of the Payment Card Industry (PCI) and is certified as a developer and operator of payment systems.
This certification guarantees that systems deployed by Netcetera fulfill the worldwide high security requirements of the payment card industry and 3-D Secure.
Netcetera has a long history as a partner of companies in the payment sector and specializes in developing operating and maintaining systems for secure payment transactions.
The worldwide requirements and standards of the payment card issuers are fulfilled.
Netcetera’s systems come into play when credit card customers check their transactions banks manage their payment cards or secure online shops are operated.
For example for the safe shopping and payment on the internet Netcetera implemented the 3-D Secure technology standard for various Swiss and foreign customers.
Their 3-D Secure systems are also operated by Netcetera.
The Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) defines the rules for payment transactions.
It is supported by all major credit card organizations and it governs the processing of credit card transactions according to defined criteria and processes.
Business enterprises and service providers that store transmit or process credit card transactions must fulfill these standards and conform to the rules.
PCI is based on the Visa.
Account Information Security (AIS) program and the associated CISP program the MasterCard Site Data Protection (SDP) program the American Express Security Operation Policy (DSOP) the Discover Information Security and Compliance (DISC) and the JCB security rules.
«Credit card payments are not the only area where online transactions must conform to stringent security and reliability levels.
Stringent compliance standards are also necessary for card management.
PCI certification once again highlights our expertise in payment systems» comments Andrej Vckovski CEO of the Netcetera Group.
«Netcetera has the specialists necessary to develop operate and maintain such high-security systems and to support our customers in certifications and audits of this sort» he adds.
«Now that we have obtained PCI DSS certification we are able to offer our comprehensive range of products and services to the payment card industry.».
Netcetera implemented the 3-D Secure technology standard for various customers and operates their systems too.
The PCI DSS certification enables Netcetera to offer a comprehensive range of products and services to the payment card industry.
Netcetera wins Award from Swiss Railway for outstanding IT Performance - Winning for outstanding IT Performance.
Media release.
Awards 08 September 2011.
Netcetera wins Award from Swiss Railway for outstanding IT Performance.
Recognition of many Years of Cooperation on highly complex Projects.
At Swiss Railway (SBB) Suppliers’ Day on 7 September 2011 Swiss IT service provider Netcetera was awarded for its outstanding performance in informatics.
Decisive factors for the reward were price service and adherence to delivery dates.
For the second time Swiss Railway (SBB) invited its key partners and suppliers to Bern for the SBB Suppliers’ Day event on 7 September 2011.
For SBB the occasion provides an opportunity to strengthen the bonds with its partners and to update them about SBB's goals and priorities in purchasing and supply chain.
Outstanding supplier performance is honored by the presentation of awards in the Fleet Technology Construction Service and Informatics categories.
Netcetera received the award for informatics.
Honorably mentioned were its abilities on finding solutions rather than scapegoats and its maximum flexibility to handle time-critical situations.
The cooperation between Netcetera and SBB began in 2002 with Pathfinder a web-based railway coordination system.
Pathfinder gives European railway companies a central web platform for managing international trains.
The next milestone in the relationship was the development and project management of the NeTS train schedule planning software which has been used since 2008 to generate SBB’s train schedules.
In June 2011 SBB and Netcetera forged a strategic partnership for the development of business-critical software.
«We are highly honored to be distinguished by SBB as the best informatics supplier» comments Andrej Vckovski CEO of the Netcetera Group.
«The award and the partnership are the reward for our philosophy of always cooperating very closely and goal-oriented with our customers and utilizing their specialist knowledge in the software development process.
This ensured that our employees were able to come up with the best possible solutions to the extremely complex tasks for Pathfinder and NeTS.».
More about SBB.
Netcetera develops Knowledge Engine for Health - Support for Abu Dhabi Health Authority.
Media release 05 October 2011.
Netcetera develops Knowledge Engine for Health.
Swiss Expertise supports Abu Dhabi Health Authority.
The Swiss IT service provider Netcetera and its branch office in the United Arab Emirates have developed the Knowledge Engine for Health (KEH) for the Health Authority of Abu Dhabi (HAAD).
This solution allows the general health of the population and the overall performance of the healthcare system to be monitored regulated and improved.
As a specialist in cross-platform software development with many years of experience in Swiss electronic healthcare projects Netcetera utilised a data model to develop the business intelligence solution which converts electronic claims submitted to health insurance companies by service providers into an analytical database that can be used for general strategic purposes.
The Knowledge Engine for Health enables the Health Authority of Abu Dhabi to ensure the quality of medical care in the emirate.
The mature high-performance business intelligence solution captures electronic data routinely exchanged between healthcare providers and health insurance companies.
The extensive anonymised data elements on the forms are mapped into a multi-dimensional data cube.
This allows the data to be analysed according to diverse needs.
In the meantime Netcetera has also deployed KEH at the National Health Insurance Company Daman in Abu Dhabi.
“Netcetera’s agile deployment of deep expertise has been critical in delivering this demanding solution during a period of rapid health system reform,” said Dr Philipp Vetter Director of Strategy at the Health Authority of Abu Dhabi.
“The design and high quality of the software is such that we now license KEH to payers and providers under an open source agreement which is proving to be of significant value for our stakeholders.
We value Netcetera’s willingness to partner with us and challenge us while adapting very flexibly to our specific needs and reliably delivering solutions that do not compromise on quality.” “Our technology expertise and our many years of experience with the Swiss healthcare system were very helpful in the development process.
We were able to incorporate this knowledge – the latest technologies and trends – into this project in particular in the business intelligence environment and adapt it to the needs of the healthcare system of Abu Dhabi,” commented Jacqueline Duvoisin Managing Director Netcetera Middle East.
This year again Netcetera is exhibiting its products and services in the Swiss Pavilion at Gitex.
Order entry in University Hospital Basel.
Comprehensive digital platform optimizes processes 05 August 2019.
Success factors for more efficiency in clinical processes 05 July 2019.
Launching Healthcare Ecosystem.
Digitizing hospital processes together with the i-engineers 02 April 2019.
Audience’s favorite of Digital Top 10 .
Analysis tool Wüest Insights developed with Wüest Partner 06 March 2019.
ewz optimizes Electricity Supply Service Processes with Netcetera - Automatic processes support event monitoring and management.
Media release 12 December 2011 ewz optimizes Electricity Supply Service Processes with Netcetera.
The new ESISplus IT system: Automatic Processes support Event Monitoring and Management in Power Distribution Grid.
In cooperation with Zürich’s energy company ewz Swiss IT service provider Netcetera is developing the new ESISplus event and fault management system for the power distribution grid.
Netcetera won the contract in a WTO competitive public tender with ten other bidders and has overall responsibility for the system’s design specification and commissioning in the fall of 2012.
ewz has been providing electricity and related services to the City of Zurich and parts of the Canton of Graubünden since 1892.
In terms of revenue ewz is one of the top ten energy services providers in Switzerland and one of the few companies that generates transports distributes and trades energy.
Control centers in Zürich-Oerlikon and Sils/Domleschg monitor and manage the power distribution grids.
The new event and fault management system from Netcetera will be integrated into ewz's distribution grid operations in the fall of 2012.
ESISplus will take over routine tasks from ewz staff and serve as the central source of information on all events.
The new system allows all faults and other events to be handled centrally with good overview thereby improving the power provider's quality of service.
Eagerly awaited –.
ESISplus at a Glance.
The new IT system incorporates automated processes to help operators in the control center monitor and manage events.
Ease of use and functionality of the software have the highest priority.
Data from ewz’s peripheral systems is specifically combined in ESISplus to make it easier for operating staff to quickly and correctly decide on the necessary actions.
The processes for handling events are defined uniformly and transparent.
This allows impairments to the power grid to be corrected effectively and securely.
In addition the system supports immediate reliable communications over several channels.
The open future-oriented IT architecture enables high system performance adaptability and reliability.
Netcetera is developing the ESISplus software in collaboration with design partner NOSE and has overall responsibility for all phases from high-level design and specification to implementation and commissioning.
Netcetera was awarded the contract for ESISplus in a WTO public tender process prevailing against ten other bidders.
“We are very pleased that we ranked best in fulfilling the award criteria.
After all it's not every day that a Swiss SME comes out on top in an international competitive tender,” said Andrej Vckovski CEO of the Netcetera Group with evident satisfaction.
“Once again our ability to develop software for highly complex systems was a winning factor.
With ESISplus we can also take advantage of our experience with a similar project for the Swiss Emergency Operations Center.”.
ESISplus-en-brochure.pdf.
Size: 2.1 MB.
Best of Swiss Web: Gold & Bronze.
Happy customers ewz and Forchbahn 21 March 2013.
Are your lights out? ewz responds immediately thanks to ESISplus 28 February 2015.
We are joining forces with Unitek.
Specialist in processing financial data 04 February 2019.
Netcetera and Finnova expand mobile Banking - Continuous development of aps.
Media release 15 May 2012.
Netcetera and Finnova expand mobile Banking.
Strategic Alliance for mobile Banking App Development.
Mobile banking gains rapidly in importance for banking transactions and the requirements for safety functionality and ease of use are very high.
A continuous development of apps for mobile devices therefore is essential.
Finnova AG Switzerland's leading developer of banking software has found a renowned partner in Netcetera for the further expansion of its mobile banking apps.
Finnova’s iPhone app for mobile banking transactions will be extended extensively: In addition to the much improved basic functionalities as asset statement account and deposit statements foreign exchange rates and contact possibilities features for payment and stock market transactions are being implemented.
The new app will be available for the Finnova banks during the fourth quarter of 2012 in different languages (German French English).
The expansion of the interactive functionalities is initiated and financed by Finnova and Netcetera.
Since August 2011 the first version of the iPhone app is already in use by several banks.
Banking anywhere anytime.
In an increasingly globalized environment Finnova’s app offers absolute independence according to the vision Anywhere & Anytime .
With it users access their banking services and data regardless of time place used device or availability of banking consultants.
We pay the highest attention to the interface between man and banking software as well as to the availability of services from anywhere and at any time.
For this reason we invest in innovative solutions for efficient processing of banking transactions said Charlie Matter Finnova CEO and delegate of the Board of Directors.
Mobile banking by Finnova and Netcetera gives banking customers great freedom.
Money20/20 3-5 June 2019 in Amsterdam.
Meet your payment experts 15 April 2019.
Wemlin now also available for Android Smartphones - New App for Public Transport in St.
Gallen and Vicinity.
Media release 13 August 2012.
Wemlin now also available for Android Smartphones.
New App for Public Transport in St.
Gallen and Vicinity.
As of Monday 13 August 2012 iPhone and Android smartphone users can download Wemlin for free.
The application displays upcoming departure times for each bus stop on the Verkehrsbetriebe St.
Gallen (VBSG) and Regiobus networks in real time.
The intention is to extend this real-time information to all public transport networks in the Ostwind fare zone.
Wemlin was developed by the Swiss software company Netcetera.
Pilot Scheme with VBSG and Regiobus.
This year VBSG and Regiobus AG led by the St.
Gallen transport authorities embarked upon a project to develop a smartphone app on behalf of the Canton of St.
Gallen Office for Public Transportation.
From Monday 13 August 2012 all users of iPhones or smartphones using the Android operating system can download the Wemlin public transport app to their phones.
The app allows the user to view upcoming departure times for any stop on the VBSG or Regiobus networks in real time.
Developed by the software company Netcetera the app includes other useful features in addition to current departure times.
For example the Locate Me function allows passengers to view all of the bus stops in close proximity to their current location.
A link to Google displays the quickest route to the chosen bus stop on a map.
The app also contains a complete list of stops as well as route maps for the individual transport companies.
A Partnership that makes Sense.
Wemlin a Netcetera product can be downloaded either from Apple's iPhone App Store or from Google.
Netcetera is one of the top IT service providers in Switzerland and also produces software for public transportation.
Its Wemlin platform supplies user-friendly timetable information not only to mobile phones but also online to stationary displays.
The http://pos.vbsg.ch website makes it very easy to create personalized bus stop departure times eg on stationary displays.
This is particularly useful for schools theatres cinemas shopping centers etc.
Coming Soon to the Rest of the Ostwind Network.
The St.
Gallen transport authorities and Regiobus are involved as test pilots for this project.
In its most recent meeting the fares committee responsibles for the Ostwind network decided to include information from all of the network's transport companies in the application thereby allowing users across the entire Ostwind area (the cantons of St.
Gallen Thurgau Appenzell Ausserrhoden and Appenzell Innerrhoden) to use the app.
As the Wemlin app already contains data from the ZVV (Zurich Transportation Network) and Liechtenstein Mobil passengers will soon be able to use one application to obtain timetable information for all public transport stops in the north-eastern corner of Switzerland including Zurich Lake Constance and the Principality of Liechtenstein.
After the summer vacation the St.
Gallen transport authorities will begin to integrate the information from the other Ostwind transport companies.
The task of extending the application to all areas covered by Ostwind is expected to be complete by the end of 2012.
Soon Wemlin will include information from all of the Ostwind network's transport companies (the cantons of St.
Gallen Thurgau Appenzell Ausserrhoden and Appenzell Innerrhoden).
Together with data from the ZVV (Zurich Transportation Network) and Liechtenstein Mobil passengers will soon be able to use one application to obtain timetable information for all public transport stops in the north-eastern corner of Switzerland including Zurich Lake Constance and the Principality of Liechtenstein.
More about Verkehrsbetriebe St.Gallen (VBSG).
Lindt & Sprüngli chooses Netcetera for mobile Business Support - Sales and Budget Reporting Middle East Africa and India.
CEO 04 October 2012.
Lindt & Sprüngli chooses Netcetera for mobile Business Support.
Sales and Budget Reporting with iPad for the Middle East Africa and Indian Subcontinent.
Netcetera in the United Arab Emirates has developed an iPad app for Lindt & Sprüngli providing mobile business support for the market leader of Swiss chocolate.
Lindt & Sprüngli is recognized as a market leader for premium quality chocolate offering a large selection of products in more than 100 countries.
Their regional office in Dubai looks after business in the Middle East Africa and the Indian subcontinent.
Third party importers handle the distribution in the individual countries.
Lindt & Sprüngli in Dubai monitors their performance supports them and reports on their business activities to the main office in Switzerland.
Netcetera in Dubai has developed the iPad application “Lindt2b” which simplifies the planning and daily sales activities in the individual countries by providing mobile support for communication business and budget reporting between Lindt & Sprüngli's sales managers in Dubai their importers partners and the head office in Switzerland.
It includes 15 customized reports encompassing sales revenue inventory status budgets market data product lines and an activity calendar.
For an instant overview custom-built charts present the reports’ data whilst the supporting numbers are only a tap away.
All reports can also easily be shared as PDF.
The data is administered either manually imported or fetched directly from external sources.
The complete content is available offline at any time in this native iPad app and daily automatic updates are performed over a secure channel as soon as an Internet connection is available.
Additionally a web-based application is used to manage the data.
“Lindt2b is a big step to synchronize our business with the distribution partners in the region.
The app includes all relevant business angles and serves great time for guiding planning sharing following up execution and reporting.
Business intelligence was never easier” says Dominic Bolliger Area Manager Lindt & Sprüngli (Switzerland) AG of the Dubai Regional Office.
Easier more convenient and safer payment in e-commerce 06 May 2020.
How Covid-19 affects day-to-day business.
Insights from our Director Sales Vlado Galevski 05 May 2020 20 years of payment expertise in 45 min.
The crisis is accelerating our development.
Interview with our CHRO Dominique Ramlet 28 April 2020.
The company as a “Professional Home”.
Interview with Dominique Ramelet our CHRO 16 April 2020.
Improve business productivity with IoT.
Launching our customizable platform n-things 31 January 2020.
Netcetera's Wemlin now also available for Baselland Transport (BLT) - Smartphone app for Basel's public transport.
Wemlin 19 December 2012.
Netcetera's Wemlin now also available for Baselland Transport (BLT).
New BLT Smartphone App for Basel's Public Transport with real-time Information.
The new BLT app Abfahrten provides the departure times of all public transport vehicles in the tariff authority network for Switzerland's northwest region (Tarifverbund Nordwestschweiz) directly on mobile devices.
The app is easy to use and provides true added value for passengers.
Especially at stops that are not equipped with digital passenger information screens the app gives passengers helpful information on upcoming departures.
Owners of iPhones and Android smartphones can download the BLT app immediately at no cost.
The.
BLT app fills a gap: other public transport apps are essentially travel planning tools for door-to-door trip information but the BLT app is a real travel tool for use on the move.
It allows users to see upcoming departure times for any stop in the tariff authority network for Switzerland's northwest region.
Real-time information is shown for BLT Autobus Liestal and PostAuto busses; information for other vehicles is based on schedule data.
The intention is to extend this real-time information to all public transport in the tariff network.
The app also has other useful functions.
For example the Locate Me function shows all the bus stops in the vicinity of the user's current location.
The app which is based on the popular Wemlin app from Swiss software specialist Netcetera can be downloaded from the iPhone.
App Store or from.
Google Play.
BLT are also launching their new website in parallel with the new app.
About six years after the last relaunch BLT have totally revamped their website and created room for categories more images and news.
The main objective is significantly enhanced ease of use.
The new BLT website is also available in a mobile version.
Triple Security for online Shopping - Visa MasterCard and American Express rely on us.
Secure digital payment 01 February 2013.
Triple Security for online Shopping.
Visa MasterCard and American Express rely on 3-D Secure Hosted Service from Netcetera.
Licensed Merchant Plug-in available soon.
In its data centers Netcetera operates a client-capable 3-D Secure service for some of the largest credit card issuers in Switzerland.
Netcetera also ensures secure online payment in Austria and Luxembourg.
These services certified by Visa and MasterCard and recently by American Express as well fulfill the most stringent security requirements.
Netcetera's 3-D Secure merchant plug-in available starting spring 2013 additionally enables online merchants to handle 3-D Secure payments.
Credit card transactions are essential for online purchasing.
However users are repeatedly made uneasy by reports of attempted fraud password theft phishing and much more.
Fraud on the Internet is a daily topic and rightly so.
Online criminals are increasingly using social engineering methods to access the confidential data of users.
The August 2012 issue of Computerworld Switzerland quoted from the results of a global survey by Kaspersky Labs: Approximately half of the survey participants stated that they had received at least one suspect e-mail from a social network or in their e-mail inbox.
Nearly 30 percent of these were supposedly sent by a bank and requested the recipient to provide confidential information.
Con artists are also targeting users of smartphones and tablets more and more.
According to the survey 24 percent of tablet users and 18 percent of smartphone users have already received a message with suspect content.
For credit card issuers this makes it essential to secure online transactions so that potential phishing attacks are rendered ineffective.
In Switzerland for example there are over three million cards in use and the online transaction volume was about 3 billion Swiss francs in 2012 with a rising trend.
To reduce losses from fraud card issuers and banks must upgrade their security facilities.
In this regard the 3-D Secure standard stands for enhanced security mainly known under the names Verified by Visa MasterCard Secure Code or American Express SafeKey seen in online shops.
American Express Joins the Group.
The Swiss company Viseca Card Services started using Netcetera's 3-D Secure hosted service in 2003.
Other renowned card issuers such as Swisscard PayLife Bank in Austria and Cetrel in Luxembourg followed suit.
Netcetera also supported the UBS Card Center with project management and technical advice for the introduction of 3-D Secure.
American Express opted for Netcetera's 3-D Secure hosted service in 2012.
The Swiss software company therefore ensures secure online transactions for the market leaders in the credit card business in Switzerland Austria and Luxembourg.
3-D Secure – Triple Security.
The 3-D Secure standard for online card transactions provides superior fraud protection for online payments.
The customer first enters their credit card number.
Then a link to the card issuer is established to allow the customer to confirm their identity using a code.
If the authentication is successful the credit card payment is executed.
Consistent use of 3-D Secure drastically reduces the card issuer's liability costs and write-offs for fraud.
Merchants who use 3-D Secure are exempt from liability in case of fraud and benefit from lower fee rates.
Netcetera operates a client-capable 3-D Secure service in their own data centers.
The hosting fulfills the most stringent security requirements of Visa MasterCard and American Express including complex data encryption and restrictive access to the 3-D Secure servers.
Netcetera has also passed the Payment Card Industry (PCI) audit.
The Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) is a set of regulations for payment transactions.
It is endorsed by all major credit card organizations and it governs the handling of card transactions according to defined criteria and processes.
Merchant firms and service providers that store convey or process credit card transactions must conform to these standards and regulations.
3-D Secure Merchant Plug-In – Licensed Security.
In order to process online payments in accordance with 3-D Secure merchants must use a merchant plug-in (MPI).
They have the choice of operating a suitable MPI themselves or integrating it as a service.
Netcetera's 3-D Secure MPI available starting spring 2013 supports the first option.
This is Netcetera's contribution to ensuring the security of online payments.
The MPI includes modern web services for cardholder verification and authentication.
As an integrated part of the purchasing process the MPI authenticates and verifies the cardholder according to the Verified by Visa or MasterCard SecureCode standard.
Merchants benefit from the transfer of liability to the card issuer thereby reducing their risk for non-authorized transactions and the resulting reimbursements and lost revenue.
3-D Secure offers merchants a wide range of options.
For example the merchant plug-in can be licensed and operated onsite on the merchant's own infrastructure.
Alternatively the product architecture enables centralized operation for several merchants via a payment service provider or a bank.
Visa and MasterCard certified 3-D Secure implemented for Swisscard 10 February 2011.
Certified.
Developer for Payment Card Issuers 23 August 2011.
Visa MasterCard and American Express rely on us 01 February 2013.
A Nation of Invoice Payers - No revolutionary breakthrough in sight.
Secure digital payment 05 March 2013.
A Nation of Invoice Payers.
No revolutionary Breakthrough in Sight.
The Swiss magazine Marketing & Kommunikation addresses the question why new online payment options are developing only very slowly in Switzerland.
Purchasing by invoice is still predominant in Switzerland even in the online merchandise sector.
Netcetera's experts Thomas Fromherz Ralph Wildhaber both Director Payment & Card Services and Joachim Hagger Head of Market & Technology were interviewed too on the development of e-payment in Switzerland.
E-commerce expert Thomas Lang puts it succinctly: We're not only a nation of tenants but also a nation of invoice payers.
A glance at the latest figures from the Swiss Mail Order Association (VSV) confirms his assessment: in 2010 the proportion of invoice purchases in the Swiss online merchandise sector was 89% and the following year it was nearly the same at 88%.
The figures for 2012 will be available in a few weeks but there is no reason to expect a significant drop in the proportion of invoice payments as VSV President Patrick Kessler reports: The data shows that purchasing by invoice still predominates in Switzerland.
However collection of detailed figures is limited to our members so organizations such as Digitec and Amazon are not represented.
Another factor is that credit card usage is much higher for services and virtual goods such as SBB and downloads.
Nevertheless the survey can be regarded as highly relevant for the merchandise sector.
Kessler expects purchasing by invoice to remain dominant in the Swiss online mail-order business.
Automatic Credit Checking.
Some webshops are naturally reluctant to ship a product with the risk that the customer may not pay.
However there are now established methods for automatic credit checking.
Factoring firms such as Billpay Arvato Infoscore or Post Debitoren acquire receivables for a fee of a few percent of sales volume as noted by Thomas Lang a partner in the consulting firm Carpathia.
Paypal as a payment intermediary has also become well established as an alternative to credit cards.
Small purchases such as e-books or MP3 files remain a challenge for e-commerce because payment by invoice is not practical for these transactions.
Payment by invoice will continue to play a major role in the foreseeable future, according to Rui Huang Senior Product Manager E-Commerce at SIX Payment Services.
However credit cards will still be the most important means of payment for webshops.
On a global scale approximately two-thirds of all payments in webshops are now made by credit card and acceptance of credit card payments in webshops is constantly growing in Switzerland.
3-D Secure Standard.
At Netcetera the systems processes and IT solutions specialist Thomas Fromherz comments: Electronic invoicing is on the rise for recurrent payments.
Invoices will likely be replaced more and more by other payment methods.
The credit card industry is trying to increase their acceptance by means such as making online payment easier while new providers like Paypal are penetrating the market with especially simple payment methods.
His colleague Ralph Wildhaber also Director Payment & Card Services says: In the coming years there will certainly be more payment options.
Technologies and means for contactless payment such as NFC PayPass and others will hardly reduce the volume of invoices but more prepaid cards or secure debit cards for online purchases such as Maestro are likely to do so.
Netcetera's major customers include payment service providers which provide services for payment transactions.
Netcetera recently launched their merchant plug-in for online merchants which implements the 3-D Secure standard to provide additional security for credit card payments.
Customer Loyalty.
Joachim Hagger Head of Market & Technology at Netcetera commented on future payment transactions: Additional players whose core business is not payment transactions will join the fray because they have a customer base who use their payment means – such as credit cards – to settle purchases.
This includes Apple Google and Amazon among others.
The focus of these new players is not additional margin but instead how to strengthen customer loyalty and the purchasing habits of their customers.
Hagger commented on the significance of mobile payment: In the long term mobile phones will become electronic purses that provide all means of payment except cash.
It takes a long time for a new means of payment to become established.
However we expect the roll-out time for mobile payment to be considerably shorter than what we saw with debit and credit cards.
Mobile Payment.
Tobias Wirth Senior Product Manager M-Commerce at SIX Payment Services sees the future payment transactions landscape as follows: On the one hand you have electronic purses or e-wallets which are already being used more and more.
Consumers store their card data and delivery address in an e-wallet which they can then use for one-click purchasing.
This accelerates the payment process in online shops.
On the other hand mobile commerce – which means app payments – will continue to increase dramatically.
Wirth regards mobile payment as highly important: The share of payments by mobile devices such as tablets and smartphones will rise very sharply.
This takes us into the realm of mobile commerce or remote mobile payment.
A few online shops already generate 20 percent of their sales with mobile commerce.
Talk to the expert.
Dr Thomas Fromherz.
Chief Strategy Officer Payments +41 44 297 58 18.
Email.
Zürich Switzerland.
Netcetera AG.
Zypressenstrasse 71 8040 Zürich.
Zürich.
Sales & Business Development.
Consulting.
Best of Swiss Web: Gold & Bronze for Netcetera - Happy customers ewz and Forchbahn.
Awards 21 March 2013.
Best of Swiss Web: Gold & Bronze for Netcetera.
Happy Customers ewz and Forchbahn.
At the Best of Swiss Web award ceremony on 21 March 2013 ESISplus Netcetera’s event and fault management system for the power distribution grid of Zürich’s energy company ewz won gold for its outstanding technology.
The excursion iPhone App for mobile people Forchbahn - 30 Ausflüge mit der Frieda (30 trips with Frieda) got a bronze award in public affairs.
We are very proud that our quality work convinces juries and helps our customers to really succeed in business.
Technology Gold Award for ESISplus.
In cooperation with Zürich’s energy company ewz Netcetera developed the new.
ESISplus event and fault management system for the power distribution grid.
It went live at the end of 2012 and incorporates automated processes to help operators in the control center monitor and manage events.
Ease of use and functionality of the software had the highest priority in the development.
Data from ewz’s peripheral systems is specifically combined in ESISplus to make it easier for operating staff to quickly and correctly decide on the necessary actions.
The processes for handling events are defined uniformly and transparent.
This allows impairments to the power grid to be corrected effectively and securely.
In addition the system supports immediate reliable communications over several channels.
The open future-oriented IT architecture enables high system performance adaptability and reliability.
Netcetera’s awarded ESISplus software already passed the first endurance test very well on 12 March 2013 when Zürich’s booming west quarter with ten thousands of people and businesses suffered a blackout due to construction work.
As Dr Lukas Küng Deputy Director Power Grid Distribution ewz put it: “At yesterday’s major disruption ESISplus helped me a lot to retain an overview of the information jungle.
Compared with our former system I now could really concentrate on my job to inform our customers and the media very fast and reliably as the needed internal information gathering was easier and much quicker with ESISplus.”.
Bronze for iApp Forchbahn in Public Affairs.
To mark the 100th anniversary of Forchbahn and fitting into the communication campaign Netcetera developed the excursion iPhone app Forchbahn - 30 Ausflüge mit der Frieda (30 trips with Frieda) for walkers bikers culture and nature lovers.
Developing mobile applications and optimizing websites for mobile use are Netcetera’s daily business for years now.
The Best of Swiss Web Award for this app is yet a further proof of Netcetera’s capabilities in mobile technologies.
On this topic ewz optimizes electricity supply service.
Automatic processes support event monitoring and management 12 December 2011.
Pro Juventute Feriennet.
Silver award at Best of Swiss Web 2019 17 April 2019.
Winner Golden Transaction 2019.
We were awarded for innovation at the Payment Exchange 25 January 2019.
Gold for outstanding user experience.
Paraplegic app awarded at Digital Economy Award 23 November 2018.
Winners: NZZ App and ChecklistAR.
Best of Swiss Apps Award 2018 08 November 2018.
Silver in Augmented Reality.
Cubic Warfare wins at Best of Swiss App Award 16 November 2017.
Netcetera is best IT Employer in Switzerland - Swiss employer award.
Human Capital.
Awards 05 September 2013.
Netcetera is best IT Employer in Switzerland.
Silver in the overall ranking at the Swiss Employers Award 2013.
The Swiss Employer Award praises the best employers in the country based on a detailed employee survey.
The award is not given out by a jury of experts or other externals but by the employees.
They have given Netcetera top marks and catapulted us to the second place of the top 30.
In the Swiss software industry Netcetera even takes the first position.
At the award ceremony in Zürich’s Marriott Hotel of 5 September the best employers of the year were honored with the Swiss Employers Award .
Their own employees participated anonymously between May and July in the largest survey of its kind in Switzerland and Liechtenstein.
For Netcetera who climbed to second place in the overall ranking and is the winner in the software industry this is not only a proof of its attractiveness as an employer but also offers the opportunity to compete with the best and to become even better.
«We still need new great colleagues.
Since 2006 we have grown considerably and created many new jobs.
With such growth and the already significant skills shortage in Swiss IT we must pay special attention to employee satisfaction in order to remain competitive.
Only if we provide the best working conditions we can attract the best people in the market» commented Andrej Vckovski CEO at Netcetera.
CEO Andrej Vckovski (left) receives the prize for the best Swiss employers 2013.
Being benchmarked and become an even better employer.
The Netcetera team also is happy for all colleagues at the award night.
(From the left) Sabine Bamert Head Corporate Communications - Evelyn Därendinger Marketing Communications Manager - Andrej Vckovski CEO - Regina Vogt Head of Human Capital Management.
We unite women in computing & technology.
Sponsoring of the first Ada Lovelace Festival in Switzerland 13 September 2019.
Connecting women in technology.
Netcetera is supporting Ada Lovelace Festival on 6 September 23 August 2019.
Neta’s 100th edition.
Huge milestone for our IT comic character 21 August 2019.
Training is the be-all and end-all.
Andrej Vckovski about employability of IT specialists 50+ 11 July 2017.
Open doors at Zurich offices.
Public IT-days 2017 26 June 2017.
Change in S-GE’s Supervisory Board.
Our CEO was elected as member of the Supervisory Board 18 May 2017.
Challenges for older ICT professionals.
Presentation of our CEO 07 April 2017.
Graubündner Kantonalbank deploys Finnova Mobile Banking App from Netcetera - Finnova Mobile Banking App from Netcetera.
Media release 08 July 2013.
Graubündner Kantonalbank deploys Finnova Mobile Banking App from Netcetera.
Most versatile Swiss Mobile Banking with Payment Transactions and Trading.
Leading bank software vendor Finnova AG called on the Swiss IT service provider Netcetera to develop their Mobile Banking app for iOS and Android.
The Graubündner Kantonalbank is the first to offer this functionally most comprehensive software for mobile banking in Switzerland to its customers.
Secure payment and trading on-the-go are now possible.
The Mobile Banking app for Apple iOS and Android is a standard.
Finnova product that enables the full scope of payment transactions and trading.
It supports all forms of inland payment including account transfers e-billing red and orange pay-in slips bank payments and managing pending payments.
The trading function allows to manage pending orders and to issue new ones.
Exchange rates and other current market information are also included.
Asset overviews are available at all times with detailed account and deposit statements.
Optimal Security with total Ease of Use.
For the Finnova Mobile Banking app Netcetera delivered total ease of use and maximum security without requiring an additional security infrastructure.
The native app is based on a three-level security concept: contract number password and an individual client certificate which is generated when the device is activated for Internet Banking and is stored on the smartphone.
The existing Internet Banking infrastructure is used for authentication.
The bank and the bank's customers can sign for the trustworthiness of payment recipients to ensure highly secure payment.
Graubündner Kantonalbank Customers first to benefit.
The Graubündner Kantonalbank (GKB) is the first to implement the highly customizable mobile banking app for which the look and feel and the functional scope can easily be adapted for each Finnova bank.
Georg Wismer Head of E-Channels at GKB comments: «For us it is important that the app fits our visual brand perfectly.
We can also maintain our own content such as news locations contact addresses or emergency numbers very quickly and easily ourselves.» «We have set yet another milestone with the Finnova Mobile Banking app.
We pioneered mobile payment in Switzerland when we launched our PostFinance iApp.
Now Finnova AG is offering today’s most comprehensive mobile banking app to more than 90 general and private banks,» notes Andrej Vckovski CEO of the Netcetera Group.
«We are very pleased to have the opportunity to show many thousands of bank customers in Switzerland what outstanding ease of use feels like with mobile banking.» «The Finnova Mobile Banking app enhances our new eChannel product portfolio for our customers.
We also expand our claim to leadership on frontend functionalities.
The investment and the partnership with Netcetera is paying off.
There’s huge demand for our new Mobile Banking app.
More than 20 projects of renowned bank institutes have already started,» says Christoph Erb Head of Customer Care at Finnova.
Detailed account and deposit statements trading orders exchange rates current market information and more are now just a touch away at all times.
Banking software market leader Finnova AG is equipping its customers with the highly customizable Mobile Banking app and enhances its product portfolio based on its eChannel strategy.
The Finnova Mobile Banking app supports all forms of inland payment including account transfers e-billing red and orange pay-in slips bank payments and managing pending payments.
Top priority was given to optimal security and total ease of use.
Finnova mobile banking.
Continuous development of aps 15 May 2012.
Wemlin now available for Windows Phone 8 - Netcetera Public Transport App on all major mobile Platforms.
Media release 18 July 2013.
Wemlin now available for Windows Phone 8.
Netcetera Public Transport App on all major mobile Platforms.
The Swiss software company Netcetera has extended Wemlin its popular free public transport app.
Now travelers with Windows Phone 8 can also view and manage current schedules for the local public transport services of the Zurich Transportation Network Ostwind Network and Liechtenstein Mobil with Baselland Transport to be added in the very near future.
Wemlin for Windows Phone 8 (WP8) offers all functions of the popular Wemlin App for iOS and Android adapted to the specific features and design of WP8.
For example users can put shortcuts for preferred stops on the start screen for direct access to their own schedules.
Wemlin for WP8 is available free of charge in the Windows Store.
Wemlin shows the departure times of the public transport services (trains trams buses night lines and boats) of the associated networks anywhere anytime.
This includes the Zurich Transportation Network the Ostwind Fare Network (St.
Gallen Thurgau Appenzell Ausserrhoden and Appenzell Innerrhoden) Liechtenstein Mobil and Baselland Transport.
Travelers can manage their preferred schedules directly in Wemlin and do not have to update the entire application in the event of a schedule change.
Wemlin can also operate offline which is essential for commuters who often need schedule information in a hurry and handy for tourists who wish to avoid roaming charges.
To improve trip planning Wemlin also shows fare zones and route maps including the night services network.
«Since its launch in 2009 Wemlin has proven to be one of most successful and popular apps for local public transport and it is constantly adapted to the needs of users.
Now with Wemlin for Windows Phone 8 we are present on all major mobile platforms.
We are also working to ensure that Wemlin supports Open Data to soon be able to offer worldwide public timetables,» commented Andrej Vckovski Netcetera’s CEO.
Netcetera relies on cooperation with the various public transport companies and direct user feedback for maintaining and upgrading Wemlin.
With shortcuts for preferred stops on the start screen Wemlin users access their own schedules directly.
Click on the picture to download Wemlin for Windows Phone 8.
Download Wemlin for Windows Phone 8 here.
More about Windows Phone 8.
Silver for Netcetera at Best of Swiss Apps Award - iPad App Lindt2b excels.
Awards 19 November 2013.
Silver for Netcetera at Best of Swiss Apps Award iPad App Lindt2b excels.
At the Best of Swiss Apps award ceremony on 20 November 2013 Lindt2b won silver in the category Enterprise.
Netcetera in the United Arab Emirates developed the iPad app for.
Lindt & Sprüngli providing mobile business support for the market leader of Swiss chocolate.
The iPad application Lindt2b simplifies the planning and daily sales activities in the Middle East Africa and Indian Subcontinent.
It provides mobile support for communication business and budget reporting between Lindt & Sprüngli's sales managers in Dubai their importers partners and the head office in Switzerland.
The iPad application won silver for excellency in the category Enterprise at the Best of Swiss Apps Award 2013.
Lindt & Sprüngli chooses Netcetera.
Sales and Budget Reporting Middle East Africa and India 04 October 2012.
Swiss ICT Award Finalist.
Our milestone project SIC⁴ with Six Group 18 August 2016.
Best of Swiss Web.
Two Bronze awards 08 April 2016.
Once upon a time: entering digits manually.
PostFinance app 07 December 2015.
Best of Swiss Apps Award.
Silver in the category Enterprise for the Swiss Post’s NEMO 12 November 2015.
Best of Swiss Apps.
Travel Gold for BLT tickets 19 November 2014.
We win for good work-life balance.
Canton of Zurich awards Prix Balance 24 September 2014.
Keep the employees satisfied and healthy.
Employers must communicate that they can guarantee jobs 30 June 2014.
Best of Swiss Web 2014.
Double Silver for DirectPoll 04 April 2014.
Best IT employer in Switzerland.
Swiss employer award 05 September 2013.
Netcetera helps Abu Dhabi promote good Health - Online Health Portal Weqaya.
Dubai 20 December 2013.
Netcetera helps Abu Dhabi promote good Health.
Online Health Portal Weqaya helps prevent Disease.
Netcetera’s branch in the United Arab Emirates has developed a software solution automating health data exchange on behalf of the Health Authority of Abu Dhabi (HAAD).
It supports the Authority’s Weqaya health program also with an online portal that allows observing regulating and improving the health of the population.
Thanks to the capturing of individual health data of Abu Dhabi’s Emirati population individual risk analyses can be generated and potential behavioral measures can be communicated directly to the program participants.
This amounts to an enormous expansion of the scope of prevention for non-communicable diseases in the United Arab Emirates in particular cardiovascular diseases and diabetes.
It aims to save massive cost for the healthcare sector and sustainably improve the population’s health.
Everywhere in the world the cost of treating cardiovascular diseases and other non-communicable diseases such as diabetes is rising at an alarming rate.
Although risk factors are well known – eg poor diet lack of exercise and smoking – good intentions often get lost in the shuffle of daily life with more and more people suffering the consequences.
The United Arab Emirates are among those most severely affected since their population has a high rate of diabetes and overweight according to its.
Health Authority.
To improve the health of the population and mitigate high future economic cost the Health Authority of Abu Dhabi launched the Weqaya (Arabic for ”protection”) program as part of its prevention strategy.
Already over 94 percent of the Emiratis’ personal health data was captured by October 2011.
Netcetera designed and developed the key component for this program: software that captures the individual health data of the Emirati population in a database and subjects it to a risk analysis.
This enables early detection of existing or incipient diseases of the program participants and ensures earlier intervention within the scope of the prevention strategy.
The individual results of the analysis are digitally communicated to the participants in personal health reports by Web or mobile devices.
When the individuals log in to their online accounts they are also given suggestions for reducing their personal risk of contracting a disease as well as options for addressing the risks with the specialized healthcare providers.
The information and advice focus on diet physical activity and nicotine consumption and supports behavioral change towards a healthy lifestyle.
Along with extremely high security standards the Netcetera software not only automates the exchange of the population’s health data but also the data exchange with healthcare providers.
It even captures data from personal health monitoring devices and is open for third party application providers.
Those can eg introduce new ways of information analysis and presentation.
Following the Emirate’s established data standards Netcetera’s software fits seamlessly into Abu Dhabi’s healthcare ecosystem makes the comprehensive data available for future Disease Management Programs regulated by the Health Authority of Abu Dhabi and clears the way to individually tailor intervention programs to sustainably improve the population’s health.
Read the news in Arabic (PDF 97 KB).
Knowledge Engine for Health.
Support for Abu Dhabi Health Authority 05 October 2011.
Artificial Intelligence partner at WTIC.
Are machines interested in learning the insurance business? 01 April 2019.
Unlocking the power of blockchain @GITEX.
Strengthening our network in the Middle East 12 October 2018.
Combating healthcare insurance fraud.
Presentation & article by Kiril Milev 03 October 2018.
Future Trends ICT: Augmented Reality.
Expertenvortrag am Event von IAMCP 25 September 2018.
Machine Learning for health insurances.
Risk classification to detect waste abuse and fraud 06 September 2018.
We are reinforcing our team Middle East.
New Director of Sales and Business Development in Dubai 17 April 2018.
Full transparency in the operating room.
Article about VR/AR possibilities and definitions 13 April 2018.
Why blockchain disrupts all industries.
Elena Karafiloski presents use cases in health & education 27 March 2018.
Hirslanden: electronic document exchange docbox health engine solution connects clinics & physicians 22 February 2018.
Augmented Reality for marketing.
Devices possibilities and new business models 19 December 2017.
How Blockchain changes healthcare.
Presentation by our expert Elena Karafiloski 09 November 2017.
Quick and secure access to all data.
Information system for the University Hospital Basel 25 October 2017.
System-wide patient dossier.
Markus Dietrich presents solution for university hospital 27 June 2017.
The Langstrasse quarter is processing its history and culture - Processing its history and culture.
Cultura 01 April 2014.
The Langstrasse quarter is processing its history and culture.
Almost every day the media is reporting on the Langstrasse quarter in Zürich – not always with positive news.
However Zürich's District 4 offers many beautiful things: secret gems culture history politics and architecture in a small area with international flair and a village-style charm.
Netcetera Cultura sees these qualities too and supports the latest project of the Aussersihl-Hard district association: Since April 2014 it has been collecting the attractions of the quarter and then making them available on the Internet.
Culture and Skateboards.
Netcetera Cultura supports skateboard festival 07 March 2019.
Symphonies and Bernese dialect rock.
Great sounds with Netcetera Cultura 13 September 2018.
Mountain adventures.
Netcetera Cultura supports Mountainscouts 30 May 2018 Alles Blau podcast by Caroline Palla.
Netcetera Cultura supports Zurich artist 14 December 2017.
Dean Wake debut album „Up North“.
Netcetera Cultura supports band of employees 20 February 2017.
Concert for Peace.
Support by Netcetera Cultura 05 October 2016.
Cinema for Life.
Courage and enjoyment 24 March 2016.
Mundialito 2015.
Children's football championship 19 February 2016.
Anniversary concert 10 years of the Sans-Papiers Reception Centre Zurich 13 March 2015.
Fall Festival at Bullingerplatz.
Supported by Netcetera Cultura 27 September 2014 «Motel Burnout».
Criticism of capitalist art 06 September 2014.
FCZ Brunau.
A special kind of soccer club 01 January 2014.
Criticism of capitalist art in «Motel Burnout» - Criticism of capitalist art.
Cultura 06 September 2014.
Criticism of capitalist art in «Motel Burnout».
Netcetera Cultura made a financial contribution to the «Motel Burnout» art exhibition which took place from 6 to 20 September 2014 in the Bärengasse Museum in Zurich.
The artists exhibited works on the theme of the financial sector serving as a kind of microcosm of excessive capitalism and as a prime example of the overall social change.
Supported by Netcetera Cultura 27 September 2014.
The Langstrasse quarter.
Processing its history and culture 01 April 2014.
Netcetera Cultura supports the Fall Festival at Bullingerplatz - Supported by Netcetera Cultura.
Cultura 27 September 2014.
Netcetera Cultura supports the Fall Festival at Bullingerplatz.
Previously the Zürich transit traffic squeezed through.
Bullingerplatz .
Since the traffic has been calmed the area is showing its magnificent side.
So this year the local residents businesses and visitors took it over for their Fall Festival.
On the weekend of 27 and 28 September 2014 there were free concerts various performances and appealing culinary delicacies on offer.
Anniversary concert 10 years of the Sans-Papiers Reception Centre Zurich 13 March 2015 «Motel Burnout».
FCZ Brunau – A special Kind of Soccer Club - A special kind of soccer club.
Cultura 01 January 2014.
FCZ Brunau – A special Kind of Soccer Club.
FCZ Brunau has two mixed teams of young men and women.
The teams regularly participate in regional national and even international games for those with special needs and play very well.
Netcetera Cultura is a proud sponsor of FCZ Brunau for the 2013-2014 season.
The Account in your Pocket - Banking via App.
Mobile Banking 17 January 2014.
The Account in your Pocket.
Banking via App.
Managing personal bank accounts on mobile devices is the trend.
But many apps are still caught in the desktop e-banking paradigm.
That's why Netcetera fundamentally rethought operability and security.
Read the article from «swiss made software – the book» which puts a spotlight on Switzerland as a location for IT development.
Daily management of personal bank accounts is being transformed.
Driven by the mobile internet trend consumer behavior is changing.
Among Swiss bank customers this is especially evident from their changed attitude to mobile banking ie e-banking via mobile devices.
Mobile payment transactions and stock trading are in growing demand among private bank customers.
First generation apps were mainly passive used primarily for viewing accounts rather than working with them.
But this is now no longer so.
The software company Netcetera and core bank solution provider Finnova are leading the way in responding to that trend.
Together they launched “Finnova Mobile Banking” an app focused on functionality and security.
The partners adopted a new approach to usability.
“First generation apps were too focused on how things are done on the desktop.
With a smartphone's small screen we are forced to handle the space economically and keep the usability more intuitive.
We put a lot of work into thinking ‘mobile’,” says Christian Waldvogel Product Manager for Mobile Banking at Netcetera who was in charge of the project.
But before innovating usability a security concept is needed that meets the high expectations of the banks and above all Swiss consumers.
Finnova Mobile Banking is applying a three-stage concept.
In first generations apps the payment amount was still limited and/or only certain payment types were permitted.
This was not just a reaction to the reservations among Swiss bank customers but also part of the security concept.
These restrictions have now largely been lifted.
Only international payments are not (yet) possible.
Intelligent Security.
The main security elements are the contract number password and a personal certificate.
The latter is generated and stored on the phone when the device is activated from within the classic desktop e-banking solution.
All mobile devices authorized this way can access the account.
The user administers them from his computer and the classic e-banking solution.
From here he can also block devices in case they are lost or stolen.
Because of this it is also possible to sell or pass on an old phone without any problems as long as the phone is de-authorized first.
This also means that in contrast to desktop e-banking no additional devices are required for customer authentication.
Authentication is performed through the existing online banking infrastructure.
In order to ensure highly secure payment transactions a white list approach is employed.
The bank and its clients work with a list of signed recipients.
This includes all participants in the Swiss ESR payment transaction system for orange payment orders (a comprehensive list of every company registered in Switzerland) and many private persons.
This is where the list's flexibility comes into play.
Although app payments can only be made to listed counterparties the whitelist expands rapidly to include all payment recipients to whom the user has already made transfers from the normal e-banking system and those approved by the bank on the basis of payment behavior.
The latter means that if one recipient has received payments from multiple customers he is automatically green lighted for all customers.
Overall this covers more than 90 percent of all possible in-country payments from the start.
Also customers who require additional security can continue to block all transactions for their mobile device.
As a further component of the security concept native apps for Android and iOS are used instead of an HTML5 app.
That takes account of three quarters of all Swiss smartphone users.
Not yet covered is the current number three among mobile platforms: Windows Phone 8.
That is likely to change as soon as it gains a substantial market share.
Mobile usability.
A lot of work was invested in security but the best security concept is of little use if the app is not easy and intuitive to operate.
For this Netcetera fundamentally rethought the user interface: “Our aim was clear: all actions must be easy to perform while waiting at the tram station,” Christian Waldvogel says.
The new interface now guides the user through the processes step by step.
Only one type of input is required per step and screen ie a number date or text.
In addition no new fields pop up as they could cover part of the information displayed and cause confusion during data input.
“Mobile must be simple,” Waldvogel says.
It was also important not to overwhelm users with functions.
Several workshops were held on this theme before the project began.
They addressed questions like: Stock exchange trading yes or no? And if yes for what target users: Will they tend to be professional or hobby traders?—The focus is now clearly on standard retail bank customers.
“We cover 95 percent of all mobile banking use cases for retail customers,” Waldvogel explains.
Since many mobile devices have a camera users have a further advantage compared to desktop e-banking.
Payment orders can easily be scanned so that neither troublesome copy-typing or additional devices like scanner pens are needed.
Branding and client acquisition.
However a banking app must not only meet customer requirements: Those of the banks are equally important.
This particularly concerns issues like branding and client acquisition.
Netcetera has taken account of the first by ensuring that the app design can be adapted to any given bank's corporate design and the latter by providing helpful additional functionalities in the public area of the app.
This area is also available to non-bank customers making a download of the app attractive for everyone.
And that naturally also fosters the desire to have more: in other words to open an account.
The app attracts users with functions like a foreign exchange calculator news a bank branch locator contact addresses etc.
Documents for opening an account can be requested by a tap.
Banks already saw positive results of this function with the first app generation.
Although opening an account with just one touch is not yet reality the next app generation is not far away.
Some 25 banks will offer the app by 2014.
Concepts for extending it to banks outside Switzerland are in preparation.
Here the right partners are essential.
Netcetera is currently considering both options: cooperation with distribution companies or with other core bank system providers.
In either case the aim is to expand the potential market.
Read the book online or order it.
More about swiss made software.
Money20/20 4-6 June in Amsterdam.
Your Digital Payment partner 02 May 2018.
The chances of open banking.
Presentation by Peter Zuber at Open Banking Forum 23 March 2018.
New guidelines in the payment area bring changes.
Statements of our expert Bernhard Binz 06 February 2018.
Swisscanto Invest product platform.
Publish fund information quickly & easily 11 January 2018.
The future of digital payment.
Conversational Interfaces and Augmented Reality 23 October 2017.
We acquired Nexperts.
Together we want to revolutionize the digital payment market 30 January 2017.
One year VisecaOne credit card app 500,000 registered users and two awards 12 December 2016.
Celebrating anniversary in UAE 10 years of transforming the region into a digital hub 24 November 2016.
Netcetera DirectPoll enables Live Voting for all - Live voting for everyone.
DirectPoll 19 February 2014.
Netcetera DirectPoll enables Live Voting for all.
Beta Version of Interactive Polling Tool now online.
The Swiss software company Netcetera is launching its first voting platform with DirectPoll.
DirectPoll enables easy live voting for example at events presentations or interactive television shows.
DirectPoll is a tool for opinion polling entertainment marketing and decision support live and everywhere all in the one package.
For the first time polls can be organized spontaneously – during a presentation or a TV show for example – and conducted immediately.
Using their smartphones tablets or PCs the participants give their feedback or vote spontaneously via a link to the poll site.
The results are then presented live to the viewers or audience in the form of a bar chart.
In this way DirectPoll enables a high degree of interaction between the audience and the moderator.
Moderators can organize polls spontaneously and viewers or participants can vote by smartphone tablet or computer.
The results are shown in real time.
The beta version of this web-based polling tool is available now at www.directpoll.com free of charge for testing.
Unlimited Potential Uses for DirectPoll.
DirectPoll can be used for live voting anywhere and at any time.
For event participants partygoers television viewers moderators DJs and speakers Netcetera's DirectPoll enables interactive opinion polling and direct feedback.
For example DJs can ask their audience what music they want to hear next training course evaluation can be provided by all participants directly on the spot television moderators can receive immediate feedback from viewers and speakers can poll their audience's opinion.
DirectPoll is intuitive and easy to use.
Questions can be prepared in advance or formulated spontaneously.
DirectPoll supports both simple and multiple-choice questions.
The polls can be modified updated and evaluated at any time.
The polling tool is web-based so it can be used easily with no need to download software.
This makes it simple to integrate live voting into dynamic presentations which creates a direct interactive channel for audience feedback and active audience involvement.
Further Development guided by the Wishes of DirectPoll Users.
The beta version of DirectPoll is intended to help Netcetera learn what users want and continuously improve the software.
DirectPoll is available now at www.directpoll.com free of charge for testing and comments.
This proves yet again Netcetera's innovative drive.
Andrej Vckovski CEO of the Netcetera Group who personally developed the idea and the source code for this unique polling program commented: «In DirectPoll we have created a product for the whole world with unlimited potential uses.
For the first time polls can be generated live and opinions can be collected in real time.» DirectPoll fills a gap and is impressive in its use of technology as can be seen from its shortlisting for Best of Swiss Web 2014 a jury prize awarded annually to the best web projects of the year.
Using their smartphones tablets or PCs the participants give their feedback or vote spontaneously.
Try out live voting with DirectPoll.
What can DirectPoll do for you? Learn more in this presentation.
DirectPoll made it on the shortlist of Best of Swiss Web 2014.
Best of Swiss Web: Double Silver for DirectPoll - Double Silver for DirectPoll.
Awards 04 April 2014.
Best of Swiss Web: Double Silver for DirectPoll.
Directpoll won in the categories Mobile Web and Technology.
At the Best of Swiss Web award night on 3 April 2014 DirectPoll won two silver awards for outstanding technology as well as for mobile web solutions.
Netcetera's free voting platform for all enables easy live voting by smartphone tablet or computer.
Watch the video: Clap your hands for DirectPoll.
More about Best of Swiss Web.
Try DirectPoll.
Live voting for everyone 19 February 2014.
Silver for Netcetera iPad App Lindt2b excels 19 November 2013.
CodeFu – Netcetera’s coding competition in Macedonia - CodeFu final round.
Skopje 11 June 2013.
CodeFu – Netcetera’s coding competition in Macedonia.
Winners attend Jazoon in Zürich.
On 1 June 2014 the final round of the coding competition of this year’s CodeFu was held at City Hall Center in Skopje.
CodeFu is a coding competition for students and postgraduates organized by Netcetera in Skopje.
The main competition consists of two online qualifying rounds and one on-site round.
In addition to this competition there are four seasonal CodeFu competitions community competitions and a shortest solution competition where the shortest code wins.
After the two online qualifying rounds the 32 best coders competed on-site to earn their bragging rights.
The winner is Igor Petrovski.
Petre Petrov won the second place and Evgenija Stevanoska the third.
They all win a trip to Zürich and a conference pass for.
Jazoon.
Eight years after the first competition the number of participants increased every year.
In the first online round in 2014 alone 120 coders competed.
This shows that CodeFu is becoming ever more popular among the students.
(From left) Prof.
Dr Dimitar Trajanov (Jury Member and dean at FINKI University in Skopje) Igor Petrovski (CodeFu winner) Prof.
Dr Anastas Mishev (Jury Member and Vice Dean at FINKI University in Skopje) Evgenija Stevanoska (3rd place) Prof.
Dr Vladimir Trajkovikj (Jury Member and Vice Dean at FINKI University in Skopje) Peter Petrov (2nd Place) Alexsandar Nikov (Organisation team and Head of Software Engineering of Netcetera in Skopje).
The popular CodeFu coding competition by Netcetera in Skopje already captivated thousands since its inauguration in 2006.
CodeFu.
Competition for developers in Macedonia 15 June 2015.
CodeFu 2018 – grand finale 12th edition of the legendary programming competition 07 June 2018.
Success at Google Hash Code competition!
We achieved the 9th place out of 5000 teams 30 April 2018.
Cutting-edge technologies for innovation.
Presentations at ICT Innovations Conference 2017 in Skopje 28 September 2017.
Designing a better city with IoT.
Daniel Eichhorn’s presentation at HSG 22 March 2017.
A better city with SkopjePulse & IoT.
Environmental Sustainable Development platform 03 February 2017.
Hackathon for a better city.
Our expert coaching at first Make Zurich 16 January 2017 15 years and opening party in Macedonia.
Impressions 20 September 2016.
CodeFu – A competition for developers in Macedonia - Competition for developers in Macedonia.
Skopje 15 June 2015.
CodeFu – A competition for developers in Macedonia.
Thanks to Netcetera the lucky winners travel to Zürich for Jazoon.
On 7 June 2015 the final round of the biggest programming competition in Macedonia took place for the ninth time.
The 32 best programmers from the online qualification rounds which were held in April and May competed at CodeFu in the City Hall Center in Skopje.
The participating students and graduates had to solve five problems in three hours.
This year’s winners are Dejan Bozinovski Stefan Alekovski (runner-up) und Aleksandar Kuzmanoski (second runner-up).
Thanks to Netcetera they will travel to Zürich for the software conference.
Jazoon in October.
Netcetera in Skopje organizes.
CodeFu .
Nine years after the first competition the number of participants is increasing every year.
This time 108 programmers competed.
(From left) Stefan Aleksovski (2nd place) Dr Sonja Filiposka (Jury Member and Associate Professor at FINKI University in Skopje) DrVladimir Trajkovikj (Jury Member and Vice Dean at FINKI University in Skopje) Dejan Bozinovski (CodeFu winner) Dr Anastas Mishev (Jury Member and Vice Dean at FINKI University in Skopje) Aleksandar Kuzmanovski (3rd place) Aleksandar Nikov (Organisations team and Head of Software Engineering at Netcetera in Skopje).
The popular CodeFu coding competition by Netcetera in Skopje already captivated thousands since its inauguration in 2007.
Coding competition in Macedonia.
CodeFu final round 11 June 2013.
How Netcetera ensures satisfied and healthy employees - Employers must communicate that they can guarantee jobs.
Awards 30 June 2014.
How Netcetera ensures satisfied and healthy employees.
Employers must communicate that they can guarantee jobs in the long term.
According to the employee survey conducted by the Swiss Employer Award 2013 the IT service provider Netcetera is the best IT employer in Switzerland.
CFO Thomas Geier explains why this is the case and what his company is doing to keep its employees satisfied and healthy.
«Employee satisfaction in technology companies is often based on different needs and requirements compared to those of employees in other industries.
The average age amongst our 350 employees is between 30 and 35.
Many are university graduates who have unlimited resources to draw on and who want to realize their full potential.
Alongside income and job security individuals who work for us are above all looking for a meaningful and enjoyable job.
We try to live up to these needs by attaching great importance to team spirit.
This is reflected in aspects of our culture such as the treatment of one another as equals and the open personal exchange that occurs across different levels in the hierarchy but it can also be seen in the great sense of freedom employees have in terms of how they work as well as in mutual trust.
I believe that this culmination of various cultural aspects was also the most important reason behind the nomination for the Swiss Employer Award.
Of course there is the question of whether every company could be like us.
I do not think so.
It is clear that one important prerequisite for this kind of culture is that the company must be an economically successful employer offering long-term stability.
The employer must be able to communicate that they can guarantee their employees' jobs in the long term.
This cannot be done by creating the illusion that everything will remain as it is.
Instead the employer must demonstrate that they are able to handle change in a positive and constructive manner.
This in turn requires a lot of flexibility: flexibility when it comes to working times mentality and organization.
Attractive employment conditions such as compensation fringe benefits table football and much more also have a role to play.
For example we offer two top-class employee restaurants employee events such as a day out in the snow or a two-day company seminar for all various different career models and a state-of-the-art workplace infrastructure which is also available for private use.
However such superficial aspects are irrelevant if the content of the work is not right.
Of course infrastructure flaws should not cause disruptions.
An excessive workload combined with unsatisfactory work content is extremely harmful.
A healthy balance must always be struck between workload and content and everything else.
In order to maintain this balance as well as ensure the further development of the corporate culture we introduced what we call an Employment Design Team about two years ago involving seven representatives from various departments roles countries and age groups.
We realized that in certain challenging situations not only one body or individual is responsible.
If for example a project team is permanently under pressure it is not only the project manager who is responsible for that situation.
It could also be the responsibility of the sales department the line manager or the human resources department.
In the past however there was no specific person to bring all those involved around one table and to provide overall coordination of the procedure.
The Employment Design Team now meets on a monthly basis.
This allows different ideas and suggestions concerning employment conditions in the broadest sense of the term to come together through various channels.
The subjects covered range from employee events and wage setting right up to complex team situations.
The Employment Design Team members get at least one day per month to take the time to devote themselves to these overriding tasks free from their everyday responsibilities.
This team has also brought about an expansion of our career model into which a specialist career path option has now been integrated.
Another particularly crucial element at the current time is the creation of employment conditions for our site in Macedonia.
We want to provide a strong cross-site corporate culture and attractive working conditions but at the same time there are cultural historical and legal differences between Switzerland and our sites abroad.
In addition local customs need to be respected.
Of course none of these efforts will bear fruit if the wrong people are employed.
This is why for us recruitment is a very decisive link in the chain.
The greatest risk of hiring the wrong person arises when differing expectations are not recognized during the recruitment process.
We therefore attach a lot of importance to transmitting as realistic an image of our company as possible.
This is reflected in our website and our job descriptions.
If vacancies are filled properly professional criteria only account for 25 per cent of success.
Another important aspect is the chemistry that can first be sensed during the job interview.
If an individual is then hired alongside compensation workload and work content we also focus on the prevention of health problems.
Everything that contributes to employee satisfaction ultimately builds mental strength and reduces the risk of health problems.
In this sense we also try where possible to allow our employees to work in the areas in which they are best able to contribute their knowledge and experience whilst still enjoying their job.
For this purpose we also developed our own software for human resource planning.
This allows a detailed and flexible distribution of employees across the more than 200 projects with a granularity of half a working day.
Using this support tool the project steering board concerns itself with human resources planning once a week.
During this process workload and content are considered in exactly the same way as the interfaces with the sales department project managers team leaders etc.
I am firmly convinced that at Netcetera only those people who are committed and want to achieve the best will find the optimal solution.In addition employees have an insight into this instrument and can also introduce their own requests.
However that alone is not enough for us.
It is also important to recognize when something is wrong early on.
To do so we institutionalized three channels of awareness: project managers team leaders and human capital managers.
During team leader trainings the topic of early recognition of problems at work is specifically addressed.
Furthermore refresher courses are regularly provided.
Finally the human capital management department performs the task of overall supervision and exchange.
Absence management software also flags up possible problem cases at an early stage.
If an employee does become ill our credo is to integrate the person affected back into the workplace as best possible and this in close cooperation with our social and insurance partners.
We believe that it is important not to act as if an illness never existed.
Anyone can be affected despite all prevention efforts.».
Go to the booklet by Helsana Early detection and reintegration.
More about Helsana.
inHealth digital platform supports efficient transactions in Emirates healthcare system - Support of Emirates healthcare system.
Healthcare 30 July 2014 inHealth digital platform supports efficient transactions in Emirates healthcare system.
The United Arab Emirates’ (UAE) healthcare system is experiencing constant modernization and is progressing in leaps and bounds.
The public authorities the major health insurance companies and various other service providers aim to provide all services and treatments reliably efficiently and quickly.
Data acquisition for the definition and implementation of medium-term and long-term health policy must also be assured.
This is why it must be possible to verify the tolerability of medicines or approve requested cost reimbursements within a few seconds.
Other technical applications such as a reporting system for logging diagnoses must be offered as services and be made available to all market players.
To prevent the theft abuse or manipulation of personal data secure data storage conforming to privacy regulations must be assured in all operational phases and compliance with the various industry standards and regulatory requirements must be ensured.
In addition national legislation stipulates that sensitive data may only be processed and stored within the boundaries of the seven emirates (Abu Dhabi Dubai and five others).
The applications for processing delivery and local storage of health data inside and outside the country some of which date back for years must now be consolidated with centralized processing and raised to a new level of maturity by a professionally structured operating organization.
It goes without saying that the current IT service providers will be involved in fashioning the inHealth platform.
A Joint Venture as Platform Owner.
This major challenge is being met by a phased definition and implementation process for the inHealth platform.
The decisive market players in the UAE healthcare sector consisting of the regulatory body (Health Authority of Abu Dhabi) on the one hand and the largest health insurance company (National Health Insurance Company – Daman) and a partner on the other along with other suppliers and the operational service providers (such as hospitals doctors pharmacies home care organizations etc.) are fully behind the project.
They play a key role in the organization of the legal form and operational implementation or they define supervisory requirements and monitor governance and data security.
To assure relative independence and autonomy a new company in the form of a joint venture of Daman and a leading TPA company is being formed.
The sole purpose of this new company is to build operate and further develop the inHealth platform.
The regulatory body monitors and controls the process in accordance with the defined governance data security and data access provisions and demands corresponding reporting and audit privileges.
The basic funding is provided by a one-time deposit by the industry partners.
Operational expenses and further development will be financed by the company itself in stages over the years by means of a competitive and accepted range of services (basic lump sum and transaction-based service fees).
Technical Implementation and Company Organization.
How will the inHealth platform be implemented and operated? As a starting point an approach that allows the platform and its services to grow further in line with demand and needs has been chosen.
Specifically this means that in the first phase applications will be selected that provide high benefits and meet an urgent need for consolidated and standardized operation.
The IT performance attributes of these applications their known and forecast IT resources consumption for managing access request processing cycles and system data their data storage needs (such as short-term and long-term dynamic data) and the general service planning of the platform owner have a decisive impact on the dimensioning procurement and configuration of the necessary servers database components storage components and backup/restore hardware components.
The system architecture is based on a virtualization concept.
It is designed to be data center independent in terms of physical structure and internet connection and database synchronization is designed for high availability.
Based on operational security or political-related factors among others other locations in the UAE may be integrated into the system architecture according to demand in the later stages of the platform’s development.
Implementation of the security and data privacy requirements is a particularly challenging task.
They must be strictly observed for the platform as well as for the applications and the company organization.
Careful planning of the greenfield approach which means building and introducing the entire platform from the ground up and strict guidelines for the IT operators and the individual application providers ensure compliance with and implementation of the business and IT-related requirements of the regulatory body and the various industry standards (eg ISO 27001) and best practices (ITIL).
A potential consequence of this is that an application presently running independently may no longer fulfill the inHealth security and compliance requirements and must be reworked by the supplier so that it can be approved and released for operation on the platform.
The agreed security concept encompasses not only the platform-related aspects such as physical environment security access security and others but also the necessary operating staff’s tasks and the requirements on the platform operator’s office environment.
The platform operator implements the interests of the owner from an operational perspective.
For example the platform operator advises the application suppliers on the delivery and commissioning of new services.
By strict application of the defined onboarding processes (integration pre-production production with acceptance milestones) the platform operator ensures the stabile and secure operation of the platform by means of suitable verification and test measures.
In addition proper reporting enables timely invoicing of the provided services by the platform owner.
The business and legal responsibilities are assumed by the owner for example by means of service level agreements.
This ensures that the platform’s governance and quality assurance are implemented consistently at the platform level.
Evaluation and Outlook.
The e-Government architecture distinguishes between production and distribution.
The described example shows how industrial parties (market players IT service providers) can be integrated into the production and distribution of e-Government services.
On the one hand the existence of the platform is indispensable for the commercial availability of standardized services (distribution).
On the other hand the regulatory body can enforce its interests by using the generated data for its own purposes and in turn using processed data as a basis for other services or healthcare activities (production).
This is how for example the current national campaigns to combat diabetes or cardiovascular diseases were initiated.
Many goal achievement principles which are already defined in the Swiss e-Government strategy are confirmed in the UAE such as performance and business process orientation achieving savings from multiple use universal access focusing on prioritization and supporting decision-makers.
Transparency and engagement are important aspects which over the long term send an important message to the market and set standards.
Since the initiative for the procurement of the inHealth platform comes from the Emirate of Abu Dhabi the innovation by federalism principle will only be realized when services are supplied by the other emirates or the services are used jointly.
There are numerous ideas for developing this processing platform in the healthcare sector.
For example it could be linked to the Emirates ID card (carried by all persons residing in the UAE) or a personal electronic healthcare card or electronic patient file system.
Other market players have also expressed interest in offering supplementary services on the platform.
The level of interest and the expectations are both high.
The owner and the regulatory body have already reached a clear agreement to focus on the key activities of data collection and processing rather than succumbing to the temptations of a purely commercially oriented market platform.
The United Arab Emirates’ inHealth platform will be launched during the summer of 2014 after which it will be available for general use.
Online Health Portal Weqaya 20 December 2013.
Netcetera and Baselland Transport launch ticket app for smartphones - Get your mobile ticket for BLT in two clicks.
Wemlin 26 August 2014.
Netcetera and Baselland Transport launch ticket app for smartphones.
Mobile tickets in just two clicks Tickets from Baselland Transport (BLT) is the first smartphone app aligned to the specific needs of Swiss public transport networks.
Its simplicity and intuitive operation make access to public transport easier and enhance customer convenience.
The mobile ticket solution is part of Netcetera's Wemlin public transport information system and was developed in cooperation with BLT and user experience specialist Nothing Interactive.
Over 70% of Swiss residents have a smartphone which puts Switzerland in the top position worldwide.
Despite this there are hardly any apps for Swiss public transport customers that make it easy to buy network tickets.
Scandinavia demonstrates how it can be done.
There mobile ticketing is common practice.
In the Copenhagen region alone over one million tickets per month are sold by smartphone.
The Tickets app enables customers to purchase individual tickets and day passes for Switzerland’s northwestern tariff authority network (Tarifverbund Nordwestschweiz) quickly easily and reliably.
Just two clicks to the desired ticket is the aim.
The design of the app has intentionally been kept simple to make access easy especially for passengers who are not computer whizzes.
The well organized clear app design supports intuitive navigation.
All processes are automated as much as possible including localization price calculation and language selection (German French or English).
Presently credit cards (MasterCard or Visa) and the Swiss Post bank card (PostFinance) are accepted for payment.
The card is acquired immediately and one-time-only with the first ticket purchase.
To ensure a high level of security credit card data is not stored on the smartphone.
The ticket preference function allows users to define their desired profile (full fare half fare first class second class).
Optional features include sending a receipt to a user-defined e-mail address and activation of a password for purchase confirmation (for child safety).
The functional scope of the app has intentionally been limited to a core set to ensure clarity and simplicity.
The highest priority right now is the market and customer acceptance setting the pace for the further development of the product.
The future focus also includes additional means of payment.
The aim here is to enable customers who do not have a credit card or PostFinance card to use the app.
The app is available for iOS and Android and can be downloaded from the Apple App Store or Google Play.
The app was conceptualized by BLT and is part of the Wemlin public transport information system from the Swiss software company Netcetera.
For Tickets Netcetera acted as prime contractor and was responsible for the technical implementation in collaboration with user experience specialist Nothing Interactive responsible for the visual appearance and the interaction design.
The well organized clear design of the app supports intuitive navigation.
All processes are automated as much as possible including localization price calculation and language selection.
For Tickets Netcetera acted as prime contractor and was responsible for the technical implementation in collaboration with user experience specialist Nothing Interactive.
For iPhone: Download Tickets here.
For Android smartphones: Download Tickets here.
More about BLT.
Android Developer Challenge.
The birth of public transport app Wemlin 29 April 2008.
Netcetera Public Transport App on all major mobile Platforms 18 July 2013.
Wemlin now available for BLT.
Smartphone app for Basel's public transport 19 December 2012.
Wemlin now also available for Android.
New App for Public Transport in St.
Gallen and Vicinity 13 August 2012.
Travel Information for Liechtenstein.
Wemlin POS makes Bus Travel even more convenient 17 August 2011.
Successful test for maintenance of trains 20 April 2017.
Netcetera wins for good work-life balance - Canton of Zurich awardsPrix Balance' Offering.
Awards 24 September 2014.
Netcetera wins for good work-life balance.
Canton of Zürich awards ʺPrix Balanceʺ.
Netcetera wins the Prix Balance 2014 for small and medium enterprises in the Canton of Zürich.
The governmental Office for Equality of Men and Women and the canton's Business and Economic Development Division award companies that give employees the possibilities to balance their work life and private life.
There were 76 companies public authorities and NGOs entered to win the Prix Balance in the Canton of Zürich.
The Prix Balance is an award for employers who manage to ensure an exceptionally good work-life balance for their employees.
Out of this abundance of fine examples the jury crowned besides Netcetera six more winners: Hug Publisher the Secretariat of the Public Buildings Department of the City of Zürich Kuhn Rikon the University Centre of Expertise for Healthcare EMPA and the Cantonal Bank of Zürich.
All of these companies offer their employees working conditions which are particularly conducive to achieving a good work-life balance that allows employees to meet both professional and private needs whether this time and flexibility is put towards childcare caring for elderly ill or disabled relatives or just for practicing a hobby.
The prize-winning companies excel in providing versatile working time models mobility and particularly supportive measures for fathers mothers and for people caring for dependent relatives.
The way in which the issue is embedded in the company’s corporate culture for example by addressing it during staff review meetings was of particular importance to the jury.
Progressive working conditions regardless of industry and size.
The amount of applications received shows that modern and progressive working conditions are important to all: Many applications came from the service and retail sectors and from the processing and construction industries.
All sizes of company were represented from the smallest SMEs right up to huge multinationals.
These employers offer conditions which allow employees in every life situation to reconcile their work and private lives: measures taken range from awareness raising campaigns on part-time work for men and fathers through activity weeks for employees’ children during the school holidays right up to assistance from in-house support workers and events concerning care of the elderly.
More about the Prix Balance.
Work at Netcetera.
Awarded Netcetera.
Gold for Netcetera at the Best of Swiss Apps Award - Travel Gold for BLT tickets.
Awards 19 November 2014.
Gold for Netcetera at the Best of Swiss Apps Award.
Tickets for BLT is the best travel app in Switzerland.
The Best of Swiss Apps Awards on 19 November 2014 in Zürich brought Netcetera’s Tickets app for BLT (Basel-Land Transport) to victory in the category Travel.
The audience voting for the best app of the year was live conducted with Netcetera’s voting platform DirectPoll.
Tickets from Baselland Transport (BLT) is the first smartphone app aligned to the specific needs of Swiss public transport networks.
Its simplicity and intuitive operation make access to public transport easier and enhance customer convenience.
The app is part of the public transport information system Wemlin of Netcetera.
For Tickets Netcetera acted as prime contractor and was responsible for the technical implementation in collaboration with user experience specialist Nothing Interactive responsible for the visual appearance and the interaction design.
With “Tickets” travelers can buy their single tickets and day passes with just two clicks and pay securely.
Integrated features are locate-me short-distance travel list and tariff calculation.
Moving security elements support the immediate visual control and make the ticket forgery-proof.
BLT’s ticket app of the BLT features a sleek design with a clear and focused benefit to the main function.
Its pionieering mobile payment processing supports several credit cards for smooth transactions on the move.
Interview by actionTV.ch with Kate Rageth at the Best of Swiss Appw award night.
With Tickets BLT passengers can buy their tickets with just two clicks in Switzerland’s northwestern tariff authority network (Tarifverbund Nordwestschweiz) and pay securely.
This also convinced the jury at the Best of Swiss App Award.
With DirectPoll by Netcetera the winner of the evening was determined live.
Smartphone ticketing app.
Get your mobile ticket for BLT in two clicks 26 August 2014.
Somehow Netcetera is a bit different - IT Dreamjobs experience report.
Human Capital 15 January 2015.
Somehow Netcetera is a bit different.
Laura Leupi describes for the IT dreamjobs campaign how she experienced a visit at Netcetera.
Most information technology companies are not well-known outside the industry.
However I already knew of Netcetera before I began to pursue the subject.
Netcetera are the ones with Wemlin that real-time timetable app.
«Yes Wemlin is one of Netcetera's babies» tells me Kate Senior Product Manager for Wemlin.
Wemlin has been around since 2009 (so a relative age for a smartphone app) and at the time it was one of the first smartphone apps that Netcetera developed.
Successful experiment.
Wemlin is probably one of the most popular apps in the Swiss app store.
«At one time or another everyone inevitably uses public transport in Zurich or Basel,» says Kate laughing.
This involved a positive marketing effect as Netcetera also has brand awareness outside its industry.
In the beginning there was only an app for iOS.
Wemlin now runs on all mobile operating systems.
The Wemlin HUB server is its core.
All the data goes through it then it appears on our smartphones.
The Ostwind Fare Network (St.
Gallen Thurgau Appenzell Ausserrhoden and Appenzell Innerrhoden) Switzerland’s northwestern tariff authority network (Tarifverbund Nordwestschweiz) Liechtenstein Mobil and Zurich Transportation Network partner with Wemlin.
According to Kate the challenge is connecting to external systems which means that the data must be generated from different systems so that it can subsequently integrate with Wemlin.
This is accompanied by the second major challenge.
Netcetera who normally work with corporate customers were now in the business to consumer (B2C) environment with completely new challenges.
The experiment was successful but Kate says «This is the exciting but also the challenging part of my job.».
Taking their time to create quality.
However Netcetera is far more than just Wemlin.
Netcetera is a team of dedicated professionals who develop quality software in Liechtenstein Macedonia the United Arab Emirates and Switzerland.
They take their time to create quality.
Both principles are particularly important at Netcetera.
«Additionally you get the opportunity to put your ideas into practice if you have good arguments,» Daniel tells me.
Daniel is a perfect example of the fact that the work of an IT specialist does not stop when you leave the office.
In his spare time Daniel has programmed a table soccer app where the rank and score is displayed.
The idea is obvious since table soccer also known as foosball is played fiercely at Netcetera (as it is at many other IT companies).
Who always plays in the same team is given the title ʺLone Wolfʺ and people in the shooter position - who do not score any goals - are called PL the German abbreviation for project manager Projektleiter.
This is their little internal joke as supposedly a project manager doesn't work that much.
Actually the foosball app is a running gag from the Code Camps.
Code Camps are events offered by Netcetera for all programmers who want to get involved.
For two days they go to the mountains to work on a project.
The foosball app is still private; however Daniel has already tested it at Jazoon an international software conference (which he helped to organize last year and their logo is emblazoned on his t-shirt).
The best table soccer player from Jazoon could eventually play against the foosball world champion.
Anyone who wants to create a foosball ranking only needs to turn to Daniel.
I have already tested the app myself.
It works very well but I've been beaten rather badly on the real foosball table.
Thankfully I have not worsened the ranking of my teammates Daniel Christian and Philipp.
Open and transparent.
When Daniel is not at the foosball table he works as a technical project manager for various tasks.
He has been working at Netcetera since 2006.
He finds his role to be very varied.
The ever-changing industries are challenging but also the exciting part about his job.
Like all of the people I have spoken with he describes Netcetera to me as a very open and transparent company.
The lines of communication are short the hierarchies are flat.
You can reach anyone at any time.
«You can even invite the Regional Manager of Macedonia in Skopje to a video conference without a problem,» says Angelika and laughs.
Angelika is responsible for internal communications at Netcetera.
Her baby is the intranet Plaza .
Although there has been an intranet since Netcetera was founded in 1996 it was «not particularly user friendly and could almost only be operated by developers.» Two and half years ago salvation came in the form of Plaza.
The name says it all as you will find everything here that your Netcetera heart desires.
The intranet is maintained in English the company language because developers in Macedonia and all other locations also use the intranet.
Plaza should match the corporate culture says Angelika.
Primarily this means transparency.
Everyone can see everything and anyone can contribute edit and comment.
Plaza is based on ʺConfluenceʺ software and the wiki principle.
It includes a search function that for example accesses the file system and the internal database.
On the right-hand side you can see a meeting calendar and there is a bazaar offering Netcetera employees mountain bikes iPhones and much more.
The company's intranet is also an overview of the various activities offered by Netcetera.
The staff play sports in the nearby gym at Sihlfeld at lunchtime eg volleyball or unihockey.
Lara a software developer at Netcetera sees a significant difference in the information flow compared with previous employers.
Once a month there is a staff meeting informing everyone about the various projects happening in Netcetera.
Lara has been with Netcetera since 2012.
The cooperation with the developers in Skopje she finds to be very exciting.
There are almost daily video conferences between Netcetera employees.
Lara has even been over to Skopje once.
The fact that you can sometimes personally meet the people from chat or video is very important.
It strengthens cooperation.
Uncomplicated and very pleasant.
When asked what skills an employee needs to bring to Netcetera everyone I've spoken to has answered my question in a similar way.
One should be open sociable eager to learn but also interested in technical aspects.
They should also have quality awareness and take responsibility.
They should be independent and also think outside the box.
And what benefits does the work at Netcetera provide? An unlimited supply of chocolate fruit coffee and drinks.
A seminar that takes place every two years and brings the whole company together.
And of course lunchtime in one of the two nearby restaurants that offer lunch for the hungry Netcetera employees in Zurich.
One of them is even in the Michelin food guide! (The food tastes excellent at both Cafe Boy and Nachtjäger.
I had the pleasure of trying both with the apprentices.).
Netcetera is headquartered in Zurich.
The staff work at various locations around Zypressenstrasse.
The open-plan offices are elegantly furnished and I'm always amazed how calm it is.
As Micaëla Marketing Communications Manager at Netcetera gives me a tour of the building she asks me what my impression of Netcetera is.
«Uncomplicated,» I answer.
«And very pleasant.».
More about IT dreamjobs.
Go to Laura Leupi's German experience report on IT dreamjobs.
Where to find us 06 February 2017 15 years and opening party in Macedonia.
Impressions 20 September 2016 20 year anniversary.
Impressions from the party in Zurich 14 July 2016.
Two Bronze awards 08 April 2016 «Everybody is the architect of their own fortune».
Interview with our Head of Human Capital 29 October 2015.
With IT-dreamjobs to your dream job.
Website by our apprentices 03 September 2015.
Lack of specialists.
Interview in SKO-LEADER magazine 12 March 2015.
The modern programmer - Article of our expert.
CEO 02 March 2015.
The modern programmer.
About the development of software development.
Over the past few years the world of software development has significantly changed in many ways.
We have made great technological advances.
Developers have increasingly better tools at their disposal.
However the requirements and expectations of software and the complexity of projects are also increasing significantly.
Therefore what we need today is less software developers and more software engineers.
Read the article by Netcetera’s CTO Corsin Decurtins which was published on inside-it.ch.
Since the birth of computer science the world of software development has long been determined by technical limitations and what is achievable .
From today's point of view the developers in former times had to work with rudimentary tools and to cope with the limited expensive hardware that was available.
Software system requirements were still low and users were very patient.
Technical evaluations and programming applications were considered as the biggest expense of a software project.
Customers accepted that systems and applications were complex difficult to use and very expensive to create and operate.
Science fiction is reality.
Software development has changed much over the past few years.
Things we only knew from science fiction movies a few years ago are a matter of course today thanks to technological advances.
All software production has been turned on its head by the Internet mobile devices and greatly increased computing and storage capacity.
Smartphones and tablets have placed complex software systems in everybody’s pocket.
Developers have fantastic tools at their hands and there are commercial and free components galore which can be integrated into applications and systems.
However the requirements and expectations on software are also increasing.
Applications must be easy to use efficient and elegant.
They must be available everywhere and all of the time.
Nowadays almost everything that can be imagined is possible.
The combination of more powerful tools and greater requirements have resulted in shifts in software development.
The technical challenges of software projects are still great and not to be disregarded.
However the relative amount of these issues has declined when viewed over the entire life cycle of a system.
This is particularly noticeable in the development of custom solutions.
With these types of projects much more time is being invested in factors that are only indirectly related to actual software programming.
New job profiles in software development.
Before developers can start programming the requirements and wishes for the software must first be pinned down structured and understood.
For this reason there are business analysts and requirement engineers.
Then user experience experts interaction designers business process engineers system and software architects have to design define and specify solutions.
Only then will the programmers be included and write the software.
Subsequently quality assurance and testing are following and finally the operation of the software.
Have today’s software developers an easy life?
At first glance it may appear that this new type of software development makes the work of developers easier.
Many experts are involved in the process and the developers can focus on what they do best: programming.
However this does not reflect the reality.
Although the process looks good in a straight line on paper there is a lot of interaction required between the various process steps and the experts in all possible directions.
Technical limitations that still exist today have an impact on the requirements and priorities; testing issues must be taken into account in architecture decisions; operational issues have an impact on the user experience.
Therefore software developers are in the middle.
Often they are the key individuals who translate and mediate between the different parties.
Even if they are not the experts on many issues they still need basic understanding and knowledge on these issues.
Therefore software development is not just pure programming and technical implementation of requirements and specifications.
Developers need technical knowledge and experience.
However that alone is no longer sufficient today.
Software projects are too complex and the dependencies between the parties involved are so closely interlinked that a developer cannot simply focus on programming.
Software engineers bring order to chaos.
Software engineers are needed today who not only bring in technical know-how but additional qualities as analytical and structural thinking.
A software project can be incredibly chaotic and unstructured when many parties with different experiences needs priorities goals and more or less technical understanding are involved.
Software engineers are expected to deal with all of these parties and bring order to chaos.
Their task is to bring together the needs requirements architectures and designs that appear to contain all kinds of levels of detail formally or informally and in a variety of classifications.
This is done in order to create a compact consistent efficient transparent and technically feasible form.
It is the only possible way for all parties involved to make decisions that require different expertise and to find solutions that are technically feasible to meet the requirements and needs.
Therefore a software engineer today must recognize correlations generalize and simplify issues take marginal cases into account identify complexity etc.
Of course software engineers are supported by many experts.
However they need to understand a software system on a much more detailed level than the other parties.
Imagine that a software engineer has to make an application and everything associated with it so that the most simple-minded employee in a company can also understand it.
Someone who knows nothing; to whom you have to explain everything; who has no common sense and furtively uses every loophole and ambiguity.
We're talking about the computer.
Although computers are incredibly hardworking and persevering employees they are ultimately very stupid.
Their intelligence is only implanted by the software engineers.
Another important competence that software engineers today need is good communication skills.
Software engineers have to deal with parties who speak different languages.
They have to know how to communicate on the deepest most detailed technical level ie program or analyze technical errors.
They must also be able to explain technical aspects to people who are experts in other fields and have little knowledge of computer science but certainly have their wishes for a software.
A high level of social competence is required in addition to good communications skills.
The outdated stereotype of the software developer being a nerdy man with an unkempt beard thick glasses long hair and low ability for social interaction is long gone.
Being closer to the customer.
Within the software industry the myth of the 10x developer goes around time and again.
This is a developer who is 10 times more efficient and effective than his or her colleagues.
Of course it is possible that this person reaches this level of productivity through ingenious use of their technical skills.
Much more likely is that a software engineer is much more efficient and effective in various ways because he or she can communicate better cooperates well with experts from other fields better structures complex and chaotic relationships generalizes and simplifies better and programs more elegantly and sustainably.
Good software engineers need good and deep technical knowledge but also broad-based skills in non-technical areas.
At this point it should be mentioned that the difference between software developers and engineers has nothing to do with qualifications.
The previously mentioned skills are not necessarily learned in a university or college.
Good software engineers also develop through an apprenticeship or internship.
The previously mentioned characteristics are necessary in order to be successful in the software industry today.
They will be even more important in the future especially for software engineers in Switzerland.
The competition from countries with lower salary levels is high and their training and technical skills are steadily improving.
Consequently pure programming can be outsourced to any location in the world whether it is simple or complex.
As software engineers in Switzerland we must conversely continue to offer great advantages.
From a general viewpoint we are not just better than the competition.
But geographically culturally and socially we are much closer to the customers and users.
By being closer you get a better understanding.
This makes the big difference especially for non-technical issues.
About the author.
Corsin Decurtins is the Chief Technology Officer with the Zurich-based software company Netcetera.
He is responsible for technology strategy and development methodologies advising clients and internal teams and he works as a software architect and engineer and technical project manager.
With over 15 years of experience he has mainly developed in the field of Java EE-based information and transaction systems for secure and business-critical environments.
Corsin Decurtins studied computer science at ETH Zurich and worked for several years as a research assistant.
To the article on inside-it.ch.
Corsin Decurtins.
Chief Technology Officer +41 44 297 59 32.
More accessibility to citizens via mobile - More accessibility for citizens.
CEO ePolice Mobile.
More accessibility to citizens via mobile.
The Swiss police want to be accessible to its citizens.
Six cantons have apps in place.
Over 200,000 downloads are proof that the strategy is successful.
However these are only the first steps on the road to a digital police force.
Read the article from «swiss made software – the book» which puts a spotlight on Switzerland as a location for IT development.
The police forces of the Bern Zurich Basel-Stadt Schaffhausen Grisons and Lucerne cantons have more accessibility to their citizens on apps.
They can get the latest updates about search operations local news and more through their smartphones.
Using push notifications the general public can even be more involved in emergency situations.
Although it was initially designed as a marketing tool for the Bern cantonal police force the app has now developed into a popular and useful information and communication channel.
The first app was implemented by Netcetera in Zurich and it successfully went live in 2011.
The positive response is now causing more cantons to recognize the potential of the app.
Regionalization is doable.
In addition to information about police work and job vacancies the app includes press releases (news) info on wanted and missing people water levels and traffic information road conditions and avalanche reports emergency numbers as well as tips for crime prevention in everyday life and more.
Local conditions and individual requirements can be taken into account through a functional breakdown of basic and supplementary features.
Thanks to this «regionalization» information about road conditions and avalanche warnings are available in Grisons while the water level and temperature of the Rhine are available in Basel.
The force is making sure that no duplication is being created.
ePolice Mobile is a part of the HPI project (Harmonization of Swiss police ICT infrastructure).
In this way the police force is organizing computing projects throughout Switzerland with the goal of harmonization.
The ideal scenario will be that all 26 cantons are using one solution from the HPI program.
The fact that there is room for regional differences shows the mentioned regionalization of the ePolice mobile app among other things.
Aided by the general public.
The response from the participating forces is positive and the experiences to date show that Swiss inhabitants actively use the online police services.
This has also been confirmed through the initial tests of the push function (notification) in some cantons as the general public were asked for their assistance.
HPI is already able to demonstrate other successes such as the web platform Suisse ePolice.
Residents can already report bicycle thefts or lost license plates on the platform.
Availability and proximity are once again key objectives.
If the process continues well it will ideally result in an ecosystem that links citizens and police through a network of services from the economy but that idea is still up in the air.
However it is clear that there is growth in popularity for both the portal and the apps.
Only time will tell whether this is from the novelty of their launch or is a sustainable success in the long run.
Order the (e-)book online.
Switzerland mobilizes against cash - Switzerland mobilizes against cash.
Secure digital payment 3-D Secure Acquiring Products.
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub 19 February 2015.
Switzerland mobilizes against cash.
The Swiss love cash.
But that will all change with contactless payments using credit cards and smartphones.
This year several initiatives have started in Switzerland that should make cashless payments more attractive to customers.
The systems differ a lot.
Read how Netcetera's expert Thomas Fromherz Head of Payment & Card Services assesses the current situation surrounding mobile payments in Switzerland and more.
The world of payments has been clearly regulated for a long time particularly for Swiss consumers for whom the most important thing was to have cash in their wallets.
Aside from that they had a debit card for small amounts and a credit card for large amounts and abroad.
In the past this trio always stood the test against innovative ideas.
However now digital solutions are presenting competition for cash.
The latest is the realistic vision of Head of Swatch Nick Hayek.
At the beginning of the month he announced that a smart watch will be released in three months which can also be used to pay in stores.
Apple wants to market its version of the smart watch in April.
But how does the money get into the watch? Many stakeholders have recently launched digital solutions or are preparing them for the coming year.
Michel Rudin General Manager of Switzerland’s Consumer Forum says: «Those who are searching for a new card solution should wait if they can and see what the year brings.».
NFC registers are conquering Switzerland.
Without Near Field Communication (NFC) technology this dynamic would be inconceivable in the card market.
This wireless transfer technology enables the contactless exchange of small amounts of data over short distances.
An NFC register can already accept payment from corresponding cards now - these must be held flat against the device for data transfer.
And in Switzerland the NFC network is very close-knit.
It is being provided by big retailers such as Coop and Migros the SBB and chains such as McDonald's.
At no extra cost to the customer soon all Swiss cards should be NFC-enabled.
According to industry statements over 83,000 terminals are currently contactless and around 2.5 million cards - just under 50 percent of cards - are NFC-enabled.
However depending on the card issuer the proportion is much higher.
One in five customers paying by card at one of the 8,500 NFC registers at Migros does so using contactless payment.
Migros measured the best values at the Subito self-checkout stations where smaller purchases are usually made.
Ninety percent of purchases were for an amount less than 40 Francs; a PIN must only be entered when it gets more expensive.
Tapit requires its own SIM card.
«All well and good but the real added value for customers comes when they no longer need to take out a card,» says Thomas Fromherz Head of Payment & Card Services at the Zürich-based software house Netcetera.
According to industry forecasts there is huge growth potential for making payments using a smartphone.
Theoretically this has been possible at NFC registers in Switzerland since July 2014: Swisscom has launched its App called Tapit.
Currently the service works with Cornècard and Viseca cards and on many Android models.
In the meantime the app has been downloaded around 10,000 times but Tapit is still slow to get off the ground.
This is no surprise to industry insider Fromherz.
For him the payment solution is quite mature but the customer must cross a high threshold in order to register credit cards eg request a special SIM card for their mobile phone.
Meanwhile Apple has demonstrated how easy it can be to get going.
Since September 2014 Apple Pay has been off to a successful start in the US market.
The customer can digitally store different cards in a wallet and pay using a fingerprint scan.
Fromherz says: «Integrating the cards took me a few minutes.
Payment is intuitive and secure with the fingerprint scan.».
Developments in full swing.
It should get just as easy in Switzerland - for this reason the Swiss card industry have joined forces.
Under the project name Swissalps and with high pressure they are working on the technical implementation of a neutral wallet solution.
Apple Pay should also be integrated into the standardized ecosystem for online and mobile payments.
The project is led by the Zürich-based Aduno Group; the financial services provider provides cards through its subsidiary Viseca.
All Swiss credit card issuers (Mastercard Visa and American Express) are involved in Swissalps.
Meanwhile Migros and Postfinance are also tinkering on their own applications for mobile payments.
At Migros it will deal with the payments in its own stores; specific information is not yet known.
Postfinance is currently allowing its subsidiary Twint to develop an identically named app which will be introduced this summer.
Completely independent of credit or debit cards the free app should work as a prepaid wallet with different charging options.
However Twint does not rely on NFC technology but rather Bluetooth on a different wireless standard.
The stores must once again be equipped for it.
Consumers decide.
Until now the consumers have kept up well with this dynamic points out Sandro Graf an expert from the Zurich University of Applied Sciences (ZHAW): «Since 2013 many people were afraid to pay by smartphone without a PIN code.
Now our studies show that the knowledge has grown rapidly.» There will be a great deal more for consumers to learn about in 2015.
Ultimately only they decide what will prevail and which provider they will entrust their sensitive customer data.
No revolutionary breakthrough in sight 05 March 2013.
ESISplus - ewz responds immediately thanks to ESISplus.
Are your lights out?
EWZ responds immediately 28 February 2015.
ESISplus.
Groundbreaking central information platform for ewz.
In the event of a power outage all responsible employees receive all the information immediately and can rapidly respond.
It's seven in the morning and suddenly the light is out.
She stands in her dark kitchen with a steaming cup of coffee in her hand and looks out the window.
The street lamps on the foggy road are also off.
Only the motor of the excavator can still be heard as it tears up the asphalt.
He was probably drowsy and cut a cable she thinks and then grabs her iPhone to report the incident to ewz.
From this moment forward a number of things happen at ewz simultaneously:  All reports on the incident are collected by the system processed and provided to the employees.
In a matter of seconds everyone starts receiving up-to-the-minute updates so that they can make well-informed decisions respond correctly and inform the residents.
ESISplus optimizes the power supply service processes of ewz: our software uses intelligent processes to assist in monitoring incidents involving power distribution networks helps those in charge in the control center to efficiently remedy problems and ensures immediate reliable communication on different channels.
Central information center for all events ewz has been supplying the City of Zurich and parts of the Canton of Graubünden with power since 1892.
ewz is one of the top ten energy service providers in Switzerland in terms of revenue.
ESISplus improves the quality of service provided by the power supplier by ensuring that the new system handles outages and other events centrally and in a well-organized manner.
ESISplus provides the dispatcher with uninterrupted comprehensive information.
If something happens all those responsible are immediately on the same page.
This sophisticated technical solution is highly interactive.
The use of standard web technology (browser) renders it especially flexible.
The event and fault management system ESISplus guides our operators in the control center through automated processes.
It informs all staff on current happenings in the power distribution grid and allows to respond within seconds.
With Netcetera we found a partner who completely understood the complex requirements.
Their agile methodology allowed to present the project progress as executable growing software solution.
Our employees' suggestions for improvement were always directly incorporated.
This created great confidence during development and we are completely satisfied with the result.
Dr Lukas Küng Deputy Director Power Grid Distribution ewz.
Recognizing relevant correlations for the correct response - at all times and in a matter of seconds.
ESISplus provides the control center with analytical tools that bring together and graphically present relevant information from the different ewz peripheral systems.
Incoming reports can be grouped while existing events are organized and shown on cards.
This simplifies and improves decision-making processes and facilitates the targeted transmission of information to the network engineers.
With ESISplus the control center is informed of current developments in the distribution network around the clock 365 days a year.
If for example the electricity is cut at a power plant the event is immediately detected.  A defined and visualized work process helps in resolving the problem.
At the same time the user has access to every manner of communication from integrated telephone SMS and pagers to e-mail.
Simplifying complex things.
With our ESISplus incidents are documented and actively integrated into the work process of the power distribution network control center.
It brings together information from different communication systems and processes them in a user-friendly manner.
ESISplus with 30 ewz control center operational processes 5 different message types and 23 different processes and analytical tools.
Visit the ESISplus website.
Do you have questions or similar challenges? Talk to me.
Gabriele Brechbühl.
Managing Director Digital Enterprise +41 44 297 59 18.
Lucerne Transit Agency relies on Netcetera - Ticketing app for Lucerne Transit Agency.
Wemlin 03 March 2015.
Lucerne Transit Agency relies on Netcetera.
Child’s play: Buying tickets for the Passepartout fare network.
Don't have any coins handy? And there's no ticket machine in sight? Now you can buy bus and train tickets with your smartphone in the Lucerne Transit Agency’s Passepartout fare network thanks to a new public transport ticket app called “öV-TICKET”.
The app is available now for free from the App Store and the Google Play Store.
It's never been easier for passengers to purchase tickets.
Two clicks is all it takes and you're ready to go.
With the “öV-TICKET” app you can buy short-distance tickets zone tickets daily passes and special tickets quickly and reliably everywhere in the Passepartout fare network with no need for cash.
Tickets for the entire Passepartout network.
Over 70% of Swiss residents – about 4.3 million – have a smartphone.
Recognizing this potential vbl decided to make it easier for passengers in the Cantons of Lucerne Obwalden and Nidwalden to purchase tickets.
In cooperation with public transport service providers in the Passepartout fare network vbl launched the “öV-TICKET” app based on a similar Baselland Transport (BLT) app.
The Basel region introduced smartphone ticket purchasing last summer and it has become very popular there.
The mobile ticket solution from vbl is part of Netcetera's Wemlin public transport information system.
öV-TICKET features.
The öV-TICKET app “Locate Me” function automatically determines the user's current location and departure stop.
The öV-TICKET app automatically calculates the lowest-cost fare from the departure point to the destination.
All possible connections including connections via other transport modes are shown on the app for selection.
With the “Ticket Preferences” function the ticket options (full fare half fare first or second class) can be saved for quick selection.
The “Find locality and stop” function makes it easy for passengers to find their destination stop even without knowing the zone map.
Up to eight tickets per trip can be purchased so users can book a journey for the entire family with their smartphone.
Payment is easy and secure with MasterCard Visa or the Postfinance debit card and purchasing can also optionally be password protected (as a child lock).
After a one-time registration ticket purchasing is quick and easy.
Receipts are simply sent by e-mail.
Free app download.
After you purchase a ticket with the öV-TICKET app you can see how long it's valid for on your smartphone.
The virtual ticket changes color when it expires.
This also makes it easy for conductors to see whether passengers have valid tickets.
The öV-TICKET app can be downloaded for free from the App Store (iOS) or the Google Play Store (Android) .
It is available in German English and French.
What to do about the lack of specialists? - Interview in SKO-LEADER magazine.
Human Capital 12 March 2015.
What to do about the lack of specialists?
The shortage of skilled workers is a hotly discussed topic in politics and business in Switzerland.
But just how big is the problem and what actions should be taken to handle it? The Swiss management association's magazine SKO-LEADER took a look at this question.
Regina Vogt Head of Human Capital Management at Netcetera explains how Netcetera finds talented employees.
The shortage of skilled workers could soon become the biggest stumbling block for a competitive Switzerland.
According to the latest Global Competitiveness Index from the World Economic Forum (WEF) our country is still considered one of the most competitive.
However the shortage of skilled workers is a growing threat.
Many companies complain about the shortage of skilled workers but take little action themselves to counteract it.
The use of employer branding as a strategic instrument for positioning a company as a potential employer is still relatively uncommon.
Equally rare is stringent HR marketing demonstrated in meaningful job advertisements impressive career websites and well-thought-out recruiting strategies.
Positive examples do exist.
There are also other approaches as evidenced by the software company Netcetera with 350 employees internationally.
Surprisingly they currently have no problem filling open positions.
Employee networking works well there and the company is also seen as an attractive employer.
«Indeed we incorporated this objective into our corporate strategy years ago.
We have been working on constantly improving our attractiveness as an employer» says Regina Vogt Head of Human Capital Management at Netcetera.
In so doing they also forged new paths.
For example Netcetera first writes up open positions internally in order to capitalize on the relationships of employees to their work colleagues and stays in contact with employees after they have left.
This has earned the company the reputation as an interesting employer.
The company also sponsors the long-running IT-dreamjob awareness campaign and at the same time does an outstanding job educating many of its own young talents.
Read the full German article in the 1/15 edition of SKO-LEADER magazine.
Regina Vogt.
Head of Human Capital Management +41 44 297 59 16.
Website by our apprentices 03 September 2015 Netcetera is a bit different .
IT Dreamjobs experience report 15 January 2015.
Anniversary concert - 10 years of the Sans-Papiers Reception Centre Zurich.
Cultura 13 March 2015.
Anniversary concert 10 years of the Sans-Papiers Reception Centre Zurich.
Sans-Papiers Reception Centre Zurich (SPAZ) has been advising migrants without an official residence status for nine years and has been standing up for their rights and social integration.
To mark its tenth anniversary SPAZ organized two benefit concerts with the Die Vogelfreien choir on 13 and 15 March 2015 at the church of St.
Jakob in Zurich-Aussersihl.
Netcetera Cultura provided financial support to the benefit concert.
Postal delivery works better with mobile apps by Netcetera - Postal delivery works better with mobile apps by Netcetera.
Media release 20 March 2015.
Postal delivery works better with mobile apps by Netcetera.
By the end of 2015 Swiss Post AG will distribute approximately 20,500 new scanners to their delivery personnel.
On the Android devices various apps are installed which map all delivery processes and simplify the work of the postal delivery person.
The Swiss software company Netcetera has optimized the scanners and developed three apps for them.
During the Mobile Computing Reorientation , Swiss Post is equipping their delivery persons with Android-based scanners.
The first devices have been in use since October 2014.
Until the end of 2015 approximately 20,500 post scanners will eventually be distributed.
Different apps will be installed on the devices to facilitate the work of the delivery personnel.
Easier for the daily lives of postal delivery workers.
In addition to scanner optimization Netcetera has developed three applications that provide support to mail carriers in their daily work.
They can enter their working hours quickly and directly on the scanner using the app.
While loading the delivery vehicles another Netcetera app can be used for scanning in the case of special items such as Swiss-Express Moon packages.
This allows you to track the transportation progress to the receiver in real-time.
Thanks to the third app from Netcetera postal customers can pay more quickly and conveniently at their own door.
The full range of services and charges can be paid by different methods (cash invoice postage stamps).
In the future these payment apps can be easily used for cashless and paperless payments.
«The apps by Netcetera are easy to use and greatly simplify the lives of our deliverers.
Thanks to these apps our deliverers can work efficiently and leave a professional and competent impression with our customers,» says Artur Tomczak Program Manager for Reorientation of Postal Mobile Computing satisfied by the work of Netcetera.
Andrej Vckovski CEO of Netcetera is pleased with the positive reactions of postal mail deliverers to the new scanner.
«Five years ago we helped PostFinance to launch the first iApp with a payment function in Switzerland.
Now we can impress with our knowledge and expertise about payment systems mobile devices and automated mobile testing.».
Netcetera's apps for the new Android scanner help the Swiss Post's delivery personnel to leave a professional and competent impression with the customers.
For the new post scanner apps to function properly Netcetera optimized the devices and drove automated software testing.
German Post App Brochure.
Partnership with Livingdocs.
Launching a comprehensive publishing solution 28 November 2018.
Many banks are losing touch with the mobile banking trend - Many banks are losing touch with the mobile banking trend.
Mobile Banking 04 April 2015.
Many banks are losing touch with the mobile banking trend.
Banks are increasingly confronted with the change to digital business models.
The rapid spread of mobile devices has a major impact on how we use our bank accounts.
According to a study by the Lucerne University of Applied Sciences many banks are falling seriously behind in mobile banking.
Over 50 percent of internet accesses in Switzerland now involve mobile devices.
Anyone who misses this trend risks being left behind by the competition.
Increasing deployment of digital business models and a trend towards greater use of online products and services have been evident in the retail banking sector for years.
In their latest bank survey in 2014 the Lucerne University of Applied Sciences examined how Swiss banks deal with technological trends such as mobile banking.
The study authors concluded that the banks need to focus more on new digital technologies and said that banks are falling seriously behind in the digital race.
In great demand.
The banks need to embrace this trend as otherwise their direct competitors or large technology companies could meet their customers' needs better in the future.
Apple Google and Facebook have been trying to penetrate the cashless payment market for a good while already.
There is a real demand for this technology as can be seen from the above-mentioned study.
However it is worth noting that bank customers prefer the mobile banking services of their own banks for security and privacy reasons.
The Swiss software company Netcetera which also has a branch in Vaduz recognized the growing significance of mobile banking at an early stage.
In 2010 they developed the first Swiss payment app for PostFinance.
Since then Netcetera has become the undisputed market leader for mobile banking in Switzerland.
Finnova which supplies the most popular bank software in Switzerland to over 100 customers has been a key partner in this evolution.
Much faster and cheaper.
The two companies forged their strategic partnership in 2012.
A year later they launched the Finnova Mobile Banking app which enables bank customers to access their accounts make payments and place orders on the stock exchange anytime and anywhere.
However the mobile banking app is not only intended to serve the customers; the bank's requirements are just as important.
It contributes to brand maintenance and customer acquisition by incorporating the bank's corporate design and providing additional functions such as a currency calculator news branch locations and more.
Mobile banking can also be implemented much faster and cheaper than with an independent in-house solution.
More than 50 banks are now using this app.
Staying ahead of the competition.
When we look at the future of mobile banking we see a trend towards personal finance management (PFM) with specific analysis tools for this purpose.
Smart account statements are a key element of this because they allow incomes and expenditures to be classified and analyzed automatically.
This gives bank customers a better overview of their accounts and enables them to draft personal budgets or financial plans.
Banks that embrace digital business models and prepare themselves for the future of mobile banking will be better positioned to meet the needs of their customers and stay ahead of the competition.
Published in Wirtschaft regional Vaduz.
Peter Brantschen.
Senior Software Engineer +423 265 00 11.
Vaduz Liechtenstein.
Schaanerstrasse 35 9490 Vaduz.
Vaduz.
Digital PostFinance Card.
Contactless payment with PostFinance App 21 November 2016.
Wemlin's time to shine - App for Apple Watch.
Media release 27 April 2015.
Wemlin's time to shine.
Netcetera brings mobile travel assistant to the Apple Watch.
The Swiss software company Netcetera has developed their first smartwatch app.
Wemlin provides information on the nearest public transport stop and all upcoming departures right to the Apple Watch.
With Wemlin for the Apple Watch Netcetera creates a practical assistant for public transport in Switzerland.
The app determines the position of the smartwatch wearer and finds the nearest stops or stations.
Upcoming departures are then displayed on the watch.
For public transport networks offering real-time data passengers can get an overview of the current traffic situation while on the go without even taking their iPhone out of their pocket.
Wemlin is available for free download in the iTunes App Store.
Those who have already installed Wemlin on their iPhone only need to link the new Apple Watch to their smartphone.
A Wemlin version for Android smartwatches is under development and is expected to be available in the summer of 2015.
The Wemlin public transport information system from Netcetera.
In addition to the application for the new Apple Watch Wemlin Mobile is also available for iOS.
Android and Windows smartphones and delivers the departures for the selected transport network.
Netcetera developed Wemlin Tickets especially for transport companies.
Passengers can use these Android and iOS apps across the majority of Switzerland's German-speaking public transport network to buy their tickets easily and securely in just two clicks.
Baselland Transport AG (BLT) was the first provider to launch their «Tickets» app for Tarifverbund Nordwestschweiz (TNW) in August 2014.
Since then ticket sales have steadily increased and additional transport networks and companies in the regions of Lucerne Freiburg Bern and St.
Gallen have also decided to rely on Wemlin Tickets.
With Wemlin POS Netcetera has created a public transport departure display that works not only at bus stops and train stations but also in stores restaurants and offices.
The web-based software runs on an Internet-capable screen with Ostwind being the latest transit authority to use Wemlin POS.
Wemlin is available for free download in the iTunes App Store.
Those who have already installed Wemlin on their iPhone only need to link the new Apple Watch to their smartphone.
Netcetera and SIX developing future Swiss payment system - SIX launches euroSIC.
Secure digital payment 30 April 2015.
Netcetera and SIX developing future Swiss payment system.
New euroSIC in operation.
SIX Interbank Clearing (SIX) launched the euroSIC payment system in 1999.
It settles euro payments between Swiss banks in real time and is based on the Swiss franc payment system SIC.
However its 25-year-old architecture is now reaching its limits.
In collaboration with strategic IT partner Netcetera SIX is now launching the new generation euroSIC to be followed in 2016 by the launch of SIC.
SIX enables efficient economical and real-time worldwide access to payment transactions in the euro market and the Swiss financial economy.
SIX operates the SIC interbank payment system (in Swiss francs) on behalf and under the supervision of the Swiss National Bank as well as the euroSIC system for euro payments on behalf of the Swiss finance sector.
Since April 2012 a joint team with extensive experience and professional expertise in the finance sector has been working on the new SIC4 IT architecture which serves both systems.
The first to go live was euroSIC on 16 April 2015 replacing its COBOL language predecessor.
A year later payments in Swiss francs with the new.
SIC4 platform will augment the existing euro payment capability.
This complex custom system which handles funds transfers between more than 300 banks is the creation of 20 SIX developers and 12 Netcetera software specialists.
New architecture meets extremely high demands.
This major project for interbank payment settlement imposes very high demands on quality availability and security.
The methodology is structured accordingly and suitable preparation time is provided for the individual project phases such as development and testing.
The developers implemented a new architecture from the ground up.
The Java-based software meets stringent demands for technology finance standards functionality and compliance.
The new SIC4 payment settlement platform is designed to be flexible enough to allow future standards to be implemented quickly and economically.
The new software processes over 50,000 payments daily with a monthly volume exceeding EUR 600 billion euros.
A nine-month test phase with the participating banks preceded the launch.
For weeks on end payments were settled in parallel on the old and new platforms so that even the smallest differences could be detected and corrected.
A long test duration compared to other software projects was chosen to ensure absolute reliability and quality.
The successful commissioning of the new euroSIC system is a major milestone for the project team.
Now they are working on the Swiss franc payment system of the future – SIC – which will process 100 times the volume of euroSIC.
SIC has the same new architecture as euroSIC and will be launched in April 2016.
Based on this successful collaboration with international allure SIX and Netcetera are already planning other similar projects.
For instance Netcetera will be involved in the phasing out of existing SIX systems for direct debit transactions and electronic invoices.
Netcetera launches mobile financial assistant - 60 Swiss banks with Netcetera's mobile app.
Media release 25 June 2015.
Netcetera launches mobile financial assistant 60 Swiss banks put their trust in the market leader in mobile banking.
The Swiss software company Netcetera is expanding its lead on the mobile banking market in Switzerland and adding a personal finance management (PFM) module from Contovista to its mobile banking app.
This module shows a clear overview of account transactions and also contains budget analysis and search features.
Now banks can give their customers a better idea of how much they are spending.
At the end of May Schwyzer Kantonalbank (SZKB) integrated the PFM module into its Finnova Mobile Banking as the first cantonal bank.
SZKB is one of around 60 banks in Switzerland relying on the mobile banking solutions of Netcetera.
The new PFM module expansion of Netcetera's mobile banking app was developed in collaboration with Zürich start-up.
Contovista .
They supplemented their PFM with the necessary mobile web application and Netcetera integrated it into its overall solution.
The module offers an expenditure analysis that automatically categorizes transactions.
Bank customers can also comment on and tag their own payments while a semantic search feature makes it easier to find transactions.
Graphs of expenditures and income allow users to see how much money they are spending and what they are spending it on at any time.
Personal budget management also helps them to better organize their finances.
Netcetera has established itself as a market leader for mobile banking in Switzerland.
It recognized mobile banking's growing potential early on.
As early as 2010 the Swiss software company provided PostFinance with the first Swiss app with a payment feature.
An important technology partner since 2012 is.
Finnova maintaining the most-used banking software in Switzerland with over 100 customers.
In 2013 the two companies joined forces to launch Finnova Mobile Banking for the Swiss finance industry.
«We are proud that our product allows even the smaller banks to offer a state-of-the-art mobile banking app» says Ronnie Brunner responsible for Netcetera's product business.
As of the start of June around 60 Swiss banks already rely on Netcetera's mobile banking app.
Among them are Graubündner Kantonalbank Genfer Kantonalbank Schwyzer Kantonalbank Clientis Banken the majority of the regional banks savings banks in the Esprit network and the majority of Entris Banking AG customers.
Netcetera has also developed customized mobile banking solutions eg for Migros Bank PostFinance and Zürcher Kantonalbank.
Managing finances anytime and anywhere.
With Netcetera's mobile banking app bank customers can access their accounts make payments place stock market orders and contact their bank at any time.
In the app's public area customers can also search for the nearest ATMs and branches or look up emergency numbers for blocking cards.
The app which is integrated into the bank's existing e-banking infrastructure has a high degree of configurability and can be adapted to the corporate design.
It can also be supplemented with additional features such as currency converters or news.
This makes it possible to implement Netcetera's mobile banking solution considerably faster and more cost-effectively than is possible with an isolated proprietary development.
Netcetera is already working on developing new features for its mobile banking solution.
In the future bank customers should be able to block and unblock debit and credit cards and manage recurring payments through the app among other things.
Mobile banking product brochure (PDF 584 KB).
Article in Wirtschaft Regional Vaduz.
Many banks are losing touch with the mobile banking trend 04 April 2015.
Mundialito 2015 - Children's football championship.
Cultura 19 February 2016.
Mundialito 2015.
Mundialito the children's world football championships promotes the integration of foreign and deprived children and their families.
Mundialito helps those who take part to be tolerant towards other cultures and people in an atmosphere full of fun.
The sixth world championship was held at Zürich's Letzigrund stadium on 27 and 28 June 2015.
Netcetera Cultura is a sponsor of this good cause.
Mundialito 2015 - Fussball Championship für Kinder.
Angebot.
Karriere.
Firma.
Willkommen!
Wir sind offen für Ihre Fragen info@netcetera.com +41 44 297 55 55.
Standorte.
Produkte.
Märkte und Innovation.
Dienstleistungen.
Referenzen.
Finanz- & Payment-Branche 3-D Secure Issuer Service.
Schutz vor Kreditkartenmissbrauch bei Online-Zahlungen.
Ihr Wallet & Branding mit unserem Wallet-as-a-service.
Die Finanzen jederzeit im Griff 3-D Secure Acquiring Produkte.
Für den sicheren Online-Handel.
Digitale Benutzerauthentifizierung.
Sicher & einfach.
Produkte aus anderen Branchen.
Fahrgastinformation und Ticketing ohne Grenzen.
Digital Publishing.
Schon heute für morgen.
Healthcare Oekosystem.
Flexibel und passgenau.
Sofort kein Geld mehr verlieren dank Betrugserkennungssystem.
Echtzeit-Abstimmung für Lernkontrolle und 2nd Screen Service.
Steigern Sie die Effizienz Ihrer Prüfprozesse.
MEHR ÜBER UNSERE PRODUKTE.
Industrien.
Gesundheitswesen.
Fokusthemen Innovation.
Künstliche Intelligenz.
MEHR ÜBER UNSERE INDUSTRIEN UND THEMEN.
Unser Angebot.
Unsere Kompetenzen.
Unsere erfolgreichen Kunden.
Was wir bieten.
Wir sind der Spezialist für Individualsoftware und Produkte - von der Strategie bis zum Unterhalt.
Verwaltungsrat.
Offene Stellen.
Video Geschichten.
Arbeiten bei uns.
Unsere Mitarbeitenden schätzen die Tatsache dass sie auf jedes Mitglied unserer Community voll und ganz zählen können.
Wir sind stolz auf unsere überdurchschnittlich vielen treuen Mitarbeitenden.
Über uns.
Auszeichnungen.
News & Medien.
Wer wir sind.
Als führende Schweizer Softwarefirma unterstützen wir unsere Kunden weltweit mit zukunftsweisenden Produkten und Individualsoftware.
Cultura 19.
Februar 2016.
Die Kinderfussball WM „ mundialito “ fördert die Integration ausländischer und benachteiligter Kinder und deren Familien.
Durch mundialito lernen die teilnehmenden Kinder spielend tolerant gegenüber anderen Kulturen und Menschen zu sein.
Am 27.
und 28.
Juni 2015 fand im Stadion Letzigrund in Zürich bereits die sechste WM statt.
Netcetera Cultura unterstützte den Anlass als Sponsor.
Weitere Stories.
Zu diesem Thema.
Kultur und Skateboards.
Netcetera Cultura unterstützt Skateboard-Festival 07.
März 2019.
Sinfonien und Berner Mundartrock.
Grosse Klänge mit Netcetera Cultura 13.
September 2018.
Abenteuer Berge.
Netcetera Cultura unterstützt Mountainscouts 30.
Mai 2018 Alles Blau - Podcast von Caroline Palla.
Netcetera Cultura unterstützt Zürcher Künstlerin 14.
Dezember 2017.
Dean Wake Debut-Album „Up North“.
Netcetera Cultura unterstützt Band von Mitarbeitenden 20.
Februar 2017.
Konzert für den Frieden.
Unterstützung durch Netcetera Cultura 05.
Oktober 2016.
Mut und Freude 24.
März 2016.
Jubiläums-Konzerte 10 Jahre Sans-Papiers-Anlaufstelle Zürich 13.
März 2015.
Herbstfest am Bullingerplatz.
Unterstützt von Netcetera Cultura 27.
September 2014.
Motel Burnout.
Kapitalismuskritische Kunst 06.
September 2014.
Langstrassenquartier.
Arbeitet seine Geschichte und Kultur auf 01.
April 2014.
Ein Fussballklub der besonderen Art 01.
Januar 2014.
UnionPay-Zertifizierung für 3DS Produkte.
Wichtige Verbesserung für E-Commerce-Zahlungen weltweit 20.
Mai 2020.
Starker Schub für bargeldloses Bezahlen.
Corona-Krise und die Zukunft des Zahlens 19.
Mai 2020 3DS 2.2 bringt wichtige Fortschritte.
Einfacher bequemer und sicherer Bezahlen im E-Commerce 06.
Mai 2020.
Wie Covid-19 das Business beeinflusst.
Einblicke von unserem Director Sales Vlado Galevski 05.
Mai 2020 20 Jahre Payment-Expertise in 45 Minuten.
Jetzt teilnehmen an interaktiver Webinar-Reihe zu top Themen 30.
April 2020.
MEHR STORIES.
Märkte.
Schnellzugriff.
Kontakt & Standorte.
Hauptsitz.
Postfach 8040 Zürich.
Schweiz.
Programming languages - There will be no next big programming language.
CEO 07 July 2015.
Programming languages.
There won't be a next big programming language.
Programming languages are continuously changing and new ones are emerging.
Where does this lead to? How does this development impact the future work of a programmer? Read the answers in the article by Netcetera’s CTO Corsin Decurtins published on inside-it.ch.
Programming languages are a serious subject for software developers.
If you don't believe this try telling a programmer that a particular language is the best programming language – and be prepared for a long lecture because developers have an emotional attachment to programming languages.
The world of programming languages is dynamic.
Existing languages are extended or enhanced and new programming languages or concepts emerge.
The future of programming languages is a significant issue not only for developers who like to try out new languages but also for those who work with their personal favorite for many years.
What will be the next big programming language after Java C/C++ JavaScript Python and PHP and when will be the right time to switch to the new language?
This question is also relevant for companies that have chosen specific languages for strategic reasons.
When is the time to leave behind a familiar language well-known tools and a stable ecosystem and change to a new language? And which language should you choose? The change is disruptive and involves large capital expenditure.
Further the productivity of the development team will suffer until they are familiar with the new environment.
What are the characteristics of a good programming language?
First of all a good programming language is not necessarily a successful programming language and vice versa.
The success of a programming language often depends on the available tools or the supported runtime environments.
For example JavaScript is a language with a dubious reputation but JavaScript is very successful because the code runs on every browser.
The ecosystem of tools and libraries around a programming language is also a critical success factor for a language.
The best example of this is Java.
Although the language itself is often criticized the large versatile and mature ecosystem has made Java one of the most widely used programming languages today.
Syntax is another success factor for a good programming language.
Of course the question of curly square round or angle brackets is largely a matter of taste.
However many programmers prefer languages with high expressive power that do not need a lot of embellishments because they facilitate compact code with a small character count.
The readability of programs often suffers from compact representation.
Experienced software developers know that over the long term programs not only have to be understood by computers but also have to be readable and understandable for other developers.
Code often tends to live a lot longer than people originally had in mind.
A large number of developers work on a code base over the years so a good programming language needs to strike a balance between expressiveness compactness and readability.
Programming languages influence how we think.
The semantics and underlying concepts of a programming language are much more important than its syntax.
A language is not just a representation of thoughts; it also influences the way we think.
This applies to all languages but especially to programming languages.
Every programming language comes with a set of concepts and programs must be formulated based on these concepts.
Learning a new language always means learning new concepts as well.
Early programming languages were strongly oriented to the hardware and binary code for computer processors.
Programmers needed to have a detailed understanding of how the computer worked and programs had to be modelled on concepts such as bit operations registers and processor instructions.
Expressive languages at a higher level of abstraction.
With high-level languages the programming language can be less closely tied to hardware.
These languages enable programmers to solve problems at a higher level of abstraction and with more powerful concepts.
Object-oriented languages are a classic example of this.
Instead of building programs on registers and processor instructions programmers can define objects that have attributes and communicate with each other.
However programming languages are still influenced by technical aspects.
For example functional programming languages are now making a strong comeback.
These languages have been around for decades but the development of parallel computing with modern multiprocessor hardware has led to a renaissance.
Functional programming languages are especially suited to writing programs that can be executed in parallel.
In addition to allowing programmers to write code at a higher level of abstraction the concepts and models of modern programming languages have changed how software developers think.
Good programming languages enable developers to write programs that have much greater expressive power and whose concepts are more directly linked to reality.
The future is multilingual.
However experience shows that the concepts and with them the language should fit the problem.
There is apparently no general language that is suitable for all types of programs and problems.
Every programming language has its advantages and disadvantages and they are not equally suitable for every type of problem.
There is presently no indication that the IT industry will converge in the near future on a programming language that could be a major successor to Java C/C++ JavaScript or other widely used languages.
Instead a variety of minor languages with strengths and weaknesses in highly diverse areas are emerging.
When your only tool is a hammer every problem looks like a nail.
However a good software developer needs to have a toolbox with a wide variety of tools and the tool has to match the problem.
Learning languages and learning how to learn languages.
The ability to master several languages is becoming an important attribute of good software developers – especially when the different languages involve different concepts models and ways of thinking.
The ability to learn new languages absorb new concepts and add them to the toolbox will be even more important in future than it is now.
Modern architectures such as micro services support this trend.
Relatively small functional units and technology-independent interfaces enable a mix-and-match approach to programming languages and technologies and they allow a suitable language to be selected for every task.
Of course developers as well as companies will limit themselves to a certain number of languages but diversity will increase compared to the present situation.
In short there is no sign of a new blockbuster programming language.
Instead there will be several smaller programming languages.
We can only recommend that developers take a look at various programming languages.
Of course putting your money on the right horse is a matter of luck but it's actually not all that important.
The ability to learn new languages and absorb new concepts is much more important than being expert in a particular language no matter which one.
Go to German article on inside-it.ch.
Netcetera develops Blick Sport App - One single application for many sports.
Media 15 July 2015.
Netcetera develops Blick Sport App.
One single application for many sports.
Netcetera developed the Blick Sport App informing sports fans about soccer tennis cycling Formula 1 skiing or hockey.
The new smartphone app replaces the four different previous apps of the Blick Group.
It offers playing schedules news live ticker free live streams and more in one single application.
So far sport fans had to get their information from four different specific sport apps: soccer skiing hockey and tennis.
Netcetera developed the Blick Sport App that consolidates the functionalities of the four apps in one.
Additionally it offers information about Formula 1 handball cycling and Moto GP which the Blick Group can now manage for one single app.
The app can be personalized with favorite teams displays national and international leagues and delivers updates to games with a live ticker.
Sports fans can individually manage push functions and watch sports events via live stream for free.
A video center social sharing functionalities statistics playing schedules and tables complete the user-friendly app.
The Blick Sport App is available in the app stores for free download for iOS and Android devices.
Co-innovation with NZZ.
Insights into jointly mastered digital challenges 25 October 2019.
Voice responsive apps on iOS.
Talks by Conversational Interfaces expert Martin Mitrevski 04 July 2018.
News Apps for NZZ regional media.
Now also for Luzerner Zeitung and St.
Galler Tagblatt 22 May 2018.
Simplifying mobile contactless payment.
Using biometrics to pay with smartphone 07 May 2018.
ChecklistAR.
Augmented reality for maintenance 26 February 2018.
Mobile xR.
Whatever is missing is on the way 12 February 2018.
The battle for conversational interfaces.
When is a voice controlled interface the right choice? 07 December 2017.
New app for NZZ.
Reading recommendations watch lists & infos of the day 22 November 2017.
With IT-dreamjobs to your dream job - Website by our apprentices.
Human Capital 03 September 2015.
Netcetera and Zeix AG build a guide for career planning.
IT-dreamjobs launches a platform to encourage young IT talents together with Netcetera and Zeix AG.
This is the finale of the campaign supported by over 30 Swiss IT companies and two foundations.
The IT-dreamjob Finder shows the fascinating variety of jobs and industries in which software engineers work.
As one of its sponsoring activities Netcetera’s apprentices programmed the website.
Zeix AG worked out the visual design and concept.
The website also presents.
Netcetera’s large scale project “NeTS” for the Swiss Federal Railways (SBB).
NeTS is the software to plan SBB’s entire timetable.
Interview in SKO-LEADER magazine 12 March 2015 Netcetera is a bit different .
Credit card issuers rely on Netcetera's payment solutions - Online payment even more secure and easy.
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub 24 September 2015.
Credit card issuers rely on Netcetera's payment solutions.
Online payment even more secure and easy from Switzerland.
The «3-D Secure» standard enhances security for online credit card payments.
In its data centers Netcetera operates a client-capable 3-D Secure service for some of the largest credit card issuers in Switzerland.
The German credit card processor PLUSCARD among others has now also decided to move data from the United States to Netcetera in Switzerland and modernize authentication for online payments.
A prerequisite for the migration was the PCI DSS certification of Netcetera's overall system which is already being used for the largest Swiss credit card issuers.
Viseca Card Services and Swiss Card.
In recent months data from the Sparkassen of PLUSCARD have already been migrated to Netcetera.
In short the credit card data from other Sparkassen are following.
With this Netcetera serves more than 30 banks and more than 300 Sparkassen.
That is over 12 million credit cards (of which six million are registered for 3-D Secure) going through Netcetera's infrastructure.
Authenticate with one-time password.
The cardholder recognizes 3-D Secure when paying online with the logos «Verified by Visa» or «MasterCard SecureCode» for example.
A static password is entered into the web browser.
This often leads to payments being aborted as many users forget their password.
Credit card details are also increasingly stolen and abused using electronic methods.
Netcetera provides a variety of modern authentication methods for more security in online transactions.
With Netcetera's «one-time password» authentication method the user receives a unique password for each payment either through a smartphone app or text message.
The preliminary card activation and telephone-number registration have to be done once only via an online portal.
Smooth and easy payment without a password.
For Swisscard Netcetera has introduced an innovative technology that enables frictionless payment.
«By combing innovative authentication solutions with modern risk systems Netcetera wants to make online payment as smooth as we all hope it can be» says Thomas Fromherz Head of Payment & Card Services at Netcetera.
The user does not need to remember a password and retype a code when making payments - the authentication is done at the push of a button: once they click on «pay» in the online shop the transaction appears on their smartphone and can be confirmed there with a single click.
The system authenticates the cardholder for online transactions via an independent channel.
Netcetera is also implementing similar solutions for other clients.
Innovative payment solutions - Presentation about innovative payment solutions.
Secure digital payment 3-D Secure Issuer Service 3-D Secure Acquiring Products.
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub 10 February 2015.
Innovative payment solutions.
Presentation by Netcetera experts.
At Netcetera Innovation Summit end of September 2015 innovative payment solutions were presented and discussed.
At this event Ronnie Brunner Head of Products and Dr Thomas Fromherz Head of Payment & Card Services presented our products 3-D Secure Hosting 3DS MPI and Tellwa.
View the presentation on innovative payment solutions .
«Everybody is the architect of their own fortune» - Interview with our Head of Human Capital.
Human Capital 29 October 2015 «Everybody is the architect of their own fortune».
Interview with Netcetera's Head of Human Capital Management.
HR Today magazine portrayed Regina Vogt Head of Human Capital Management at Netcetera in their.
November issue .
She has been working at Netcetera for almost ten years.
In the interview she emphazises the individual responsibility of everyone and spoke about her fondness for technology and her affection for horses.
To the video interview by HR Today (Swiss German only).
Start for SwissWallet the digital payment solution of the Swiss credit card industry - Digital payment solution of the Swiss credit card industry.
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub 3-D Secure Acquiring Products 3-D Secure Issuer Service.
Media release 04 November 2015.
Start for SwissWallet the digital payment solution of the Swiss credit card industry.
Media release by Swiss One Wallet AG.
The companies Aduno Group Netcetera and Swisscard founded a joint venture for the development and operation of digital payment solutions.
From mid-November, SwissWallet in cooperation with MasterPass the digital payment solution from MasterCard can be used in online shops.
The solution runs device-independent on all tablets and smartphones.
The SwissWallet is operated by issuers under their own name.
The platform works in the background and can be used by other payment card companies.
The services are being extended continuously the launch of mobile payment contactless payment with mobile phones in brick and mortar businesses is planned for the second half of 2016.
To the media release by Swiss One Wallet AG (German only).
Silver in the category Enterprise for the Swiss Post’s NEMO app - Silver in the category Enterprise for the Swiss Post’s NEMO.
Awards 12 November 2015.
Silver in the category Enterprise for the Swiss Post’s NEMO app.
Successful Best of Swiss Apps Awards with DirectPoll.
The Best of Swiss Apps Awards on 12 November 2015 in Zürich brought Netcetera silver in the category Enterprise for the NEMO app developed together with the Swiss Post.
The audience voted live with Netcetera’s voting platform DirectPoll for the best app of the year.
Further the PostFinance App won bronze in the category Usability/Interaction Design.
Netcetera was also involved in the development of this app.
Trying live voting with DirectPoll.
More about the Best of Swiss Apps Award.
More about the PostFinance App.
Netcetera's apps help the Swiss Post's delivery personnel to leave a professional and competent impression with the customers.
Swiss Post scanner apps.
Postal delivery works better with mobile apps by Netcetera 20 March 2015.
Cinema for Life - Courage and enjoyment.
Cultura 24 March 2016.
Netcetera Cultura is a sponsor of Cinema for Life 2015.
Giving cancer patients and their loved ones courage and enjoyment.
This is the purpose of Cinema for Life.
Well-known film-makers and artists entertain cancer patients and those with a terminal illness at a variety of events.
They do so completely voluntarily.
Once upon a time: entering digits manually - PostFinance app.
Awards 07 December 2015.
The PostFinance app by Netcetera with touch ID and QR code.
The PostFinance app was the first Swiss app with a payment feature.
It won silver and bronze for Innovation and Online-Marketing at the Best of Swiss Web award.
One of the most popular e-banking apps the Postfinance mobile app developed by Netcetera is even more user friendly now.
Thanks to the touch ID function the iOS app users can access their finances simply by putting their finger on the iPhone – easy secure and where ever they are.
Mobile money transfer has also been simplified: individuals can easily transfer money among themselves by creating and scanning QR codes.
The QR codes contain the IBAN number and make entering the 21 digits manually superfluous.
Download the app.
More about PostFinance.
Mobile financial assistant.
60 Swiss banks with Netcetera's mobile app 25 June 2015.
Award from Swiss Railway.
Winning for outstanding IT Performance 08 September 2011.
App for PostFinance at Best of Swiss Web.
Silver and Bronze for Innovation and online Marketing 01 April 2011.
Cash vs.
mobile payment - About the future of payment solutions.
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub 09 December 2015.
Cash vs.
mobile payment.
About the future of payment solutions.
«For how much longer are we going to pay by cash?» The Swiss magazine Marketing & Kommunikation asks experts to voice their opinion.
Reto Gross Netcetera's Associate Director Payment & Card Service thinks that cash payments are not going to die out in the near future.
First the industry needs to make cashless payment more secure increase convenience and reduce the complexity of the transactions.
Thesis of the magazine.
MARKETING & KOMMUNIKATION.
Low interest rates and rising bank charges are again making cash more attractive.
Cash will remain the default means of payment at checkout counters for a long time to come.
For online shop checkout credit cards will continue to be the preferred means of payment.
Any mobile payment system that wants to become more than a niche solution needs to fulfill three requirements: 1.
It works at every checkout as easily as cash.
2.
It is based on standard credit cards.
3.
It rewards users with added value or a cost benefit.
Commentary of Reto Gross Netcetera's Associate Director Payment & Card Service:
Security convenience broad use and privacy protection are more important than interest rates or fees.
Relevant innovations need to provide at least the same benefits as cash.
In the best case they provide additional benefits for all parties.
And precisely because many payment innovations do not take these criteria seriously and ignore the needs of users cash will remain king for longer than intended.
Writing its obituary is premature – but that does not make it immortal.
Speaking of obituaries: It is impossible to imagine e-commerce mobile payments and POS transactions without the Grand Old Payment Lady declared dead years ago: the credit card.
Its global success story has nothing to do with the plastic card as such but rather with global standardization and agreement on a few – mainly two – provider networks.
Overall I would love to see a bit more imagination when it comes to means of payment.
Limiting the scope of use to POS payments and e-commerce is not good enough.
Rather payment flows need to be modeled with a broad brush because the boundaries between bank transfers ESR invoices direct debiting and standing orders as well as payment transactions per se are increasingly blurring.
This applies equally to mobile payment.
Although the multi-party system of debit and credit card providers is prone to relatively high fees this fundamentally open system does ensure that the payment providers cannot act in a proprietary way.
Users do not necessarily expect a cost advantage from their preferred payment method but they are not prepared to pay a surcharge.
The added value comes from having a commonly accepted functional and secure standard means of payment which can be used both quickly and easily.
Unless the industry manages to improve security (for example by using biometric identification) improve convenience (possibly through wearables) and reduce the complexity of user login and the actual transactions cash payments are not going to die out in the medium term.
Start for SwissWallet.
Digital payment solution of the Swiss credit card industry 04 November 2015.
New location in Munich - Michael Seifert as Managing Director.
Munich 13 January 2016.
New location in Munich.
Starting the 20 year anniversary in Germany.
After starting with five people in Zürich 20 years ago we now have an additional location in Germany.
On 1 January 2016 we opened our branch office in Munich and continue to drive our growth strategy in the European market.
Michael Seifert joins the Netcetera team as Managing Director of the new office location.
o strengthen its commitment to safe and convenient payment solutions and to further expand its product business in Europe Netcetera opened an office location in Munich on 1 January 2016.
In doing so the company ensures proximity to its growing number of customers.
Michael Seifert (52) has been hired as Managing Director.
He has more than 25 years' experience in the payments industry and most recently was Vice President Sales at First Data Deutschland GmbH.
As Managing Director at Arcot Systems Inc.
he was responsible for all business within Central Europe for more than 12 years.
In his new role at Netcetera Michael will be responsible for existing customers as well as business development and distribution in Germany Austria and Eastern Europe.
Together with Dr Thomas Fromherz Head of Payment & Card Services at Netcetera he will lead the further expansion of business activities throughout the European market.
«Our new office in Munich offers several advantages.
On the one hand Munich is home to a large payments industry and functions as a center of the IT industry in Germany.
It's therefore a very attractive location for us.
On the other hand we're now closer to our existing customers in Munich and Germany.
This helps us to continue with the implementation of our growth strategy,» says Andrej Vckovski CEO of Netcetera.
In Germany and Austria many market participants depend on the payment solutions from Netcetera which for 3-D Secure solutions include a large segment of the German Savings Banks Finance Group credit cards processor PLUSCARD Deutsche Kreditbank (DKB) Bayern Card-Services Paylife and Payment Services Austria.
More examples include Wallegro for the e-wallet solution Tellwa as well as numerous global payment service providers for 3DS MPI solutions.
Credit card issuers rely on Netcetera.
Online payment even more secure and easy 24 September 2015.
Office opening Munich.
Pictures of the celebration 12 May 2016.
We are investing in start-ups from Switzerland and the Balkan region - We are investing in start-ups.
Media release 27 January 2016.
We are investing in start-ups from Switzerland and the Balkan region.
We are looking for promising start-ups from Switzerland Slovenia Croatia Serbia and Macedonia and create a position to steer these investments.
The plan is to make up to five investments in 2016 and to invest with a similar pace over the next few years.
Start-ups can expect to receive not only financial support but also other resources such as expertise and market access that a company like Netcetera can offer.
Founded as a start-up 20 years ago Netcetera has gained experiences with start-up investments over the years.
It has made successful investments in Swiss start-ups in the past in companies like D1 Solutions and Braingroup.
Now the software company is looking for promising start-ups in the regions where it is doing business and has created a position to steer and manage the investment endeavors.
Andrej Vckovski CEO of Netcetera commented: „We see a lot of potential in the market and are ready to invest and expand our reach.
Switzerland is our home and we already know the region of Slovenia Croatia Serbia and Macedonia well as we have invested here in the past.
The proof is our important location in Macedonia with 130 employees.
We firmly believe that the talent in the region is exceptional and we want to support promising start-ups.”.
Steering investments to success.
In order to properly manage its investment efforts Netcetera teamed up with Darko Butina as Chief Investment Officer.
Butina brings extensive start-up managerial and investment related experiences from leading various companies among others also leading Mimovrste (Slovenia’s largest web shop) to successful exit.
He also founded two start-ups (“Povej! svoje mnenje” and “SASH reporting”) and is an active investor in Slovenia (one of the founding investors in Silicon Gardens Fund) Serbia (Power Media Group – Tracara.com and Savrsena.com) and also in Switzerland.
“I am excited to lead Netcetera’s investment efforts and look forward to supporting great start-ups from Switzerland the Balkan region and beyond.
As investor we offer not only financial means and investment knowledge but also significant entrepreneurial and management expertise.” says Darko Butina. Netcetera plans to invest in start-ups that are active in the industries it operates in such as fintech connected health transit tech digital enterprise web apps and software for media and entertainment and law enforcement.
Find here more interested start-ups information and contact details.
Netcetera and PIC Systems.
Strategic partnership for video transcoding 22 October 2018.
CeBIT: A digital journey with our software - Experience digitalization live.
RailVista.
Media release 02 March 2016.
CeBIT: A digital journey with our software.
Experience digitalization live in the Innovation Hub for the Digital Enterprise.
At CeBIT on 14 - 18 March we are taking you on a digital journey into the mountains – from a pre-ordered and pre-paid coffee first thing in the morning to mobile train tickets and ski passes all the way up to the ski slopes.
We use a selection of our solutions to show how digitalization can simplify everyday life through good ideas.
Our CEO Andrej Vckovski also discusses this topic in his presentation “Digital Life Live”.
Netcetera is presenting at.
CeBIT from 14 to 18 March 2016 as part of the IT nation of Switzerland.
At their Innovation Hub for the Digital Enterprise stand in the Swiss Pavilion Hall 6 Stand D30 No.
110 the company offers an insight into its solutions which are making day-to-day life a little easier.
“At CeBIT we are making digitalization tangible.
We are showing how our future-oriented solutions can contribute to a successful day in the mountains,” says Andrej Vckovski CEO of Netcetera.
The Netcetera experts at the booth accompany visitors on a digital journey to the ski slopes.
Visitors can experience what goes on behind the scenes when they use a mobile device to buy a train ticket order a coffee purchase a ski pass and pay for it all simply securely and contactlessly.
Digitalization in daily life.
Netcetera is also sharing its knowledge at CeBIT in three presentations on Fintech and digitalization.
Andrej Vckovski's keynote speech at the “future talk” and his presentation on “digital life” use examples to show how humans can productively shape the digital industrial revolution which offers a myriad of opportunities for better lives and a promising future.
“Digital Life Live” timetable: 14 March from 10:00 to 10:30 a.m.: CeBIT future talk keynote in the CeBIT Research Hall Event Forum (Hall 6 B54) 16 March from 11:30 a.m.
to 12:00 p.m.
in the Swiss Pavilion Forum (topic: digital life).
The presentation on Fintech offers a further concrete example of digitalization in everyday life as Netcetera presents the SwissWallet together with.
Ergon and Ispin .
This digital wallet makes online payments with any device (TV tablet smartphone laptop etc.) simple and secure and marks a step forward in the digitalization of credit cards.
“SwissWallet – Smart and Secure” timetable: 14 March from 11:30 a.m.
to 12:00 p.m.
together with Ergon and Ispin (topic: Fintech).
Prevent fraud using an app and risk analysis system - 3-D Secure: Security and convenience for online shopping.
Prevent fraud using an app and risk analysis system.
Netcetera's 3-D Secure solutions.
Better security and convenience when shopping online using a credit card: customers retailers and card issuers alike are reaping the benefits of modern authentication methods using smartphone apps and effective risk analysis.
In online retailing classic authentication of credit card transactions by entering the card number CVV expiry date and name of the cardholder has never really provided adequate protection against fraud.
This is why Visa created the 3-D Secure (3DS) protocol back in 1998.
Today it is used by every card issuer.
3DS helps prevent fraud by adding an additional level of authentication involving the buyer.
In its simplest incarnation the cardholder enters a static password they chose upon registering the card.
This can be countered relatively easily though as scammers invariably know many ways of finding out someone’s password.
People also quite often forget their password and this results in many cancelled transactions and requests for information – an irritation to both buyers and retailers alike.
Dynamic rather than static.
A dynamic password ie a fresh password that is generated with every transaction and sent to the customer via a separate channel for example by text message is more convenient and secure.
The mTAN method has completely replaced the static password in many situations.
The customer no longer has to memorize anything – they just have to enter the code they receive when checking out.
It is even more user-friendly to omit this step too: The state-of-the-art authentication method involves using a mobile app on a smartphone which in turn displays payment details such as the amount and receiving party for verification by the customer.
The transaction can then be authenticated at a click of a button.
The app communicates with the authentication server via a secure data channel separate from the store’s own communications.
Minimise risks make things easier for customers.
The majority of transactions are legitimate – only a small percentage are fraudulent.
Using a preliminary risk analysis system it is even possible to eliminate the authentication on the customer’s side which makes the process even more user-friendly.
This could be used for transactions that match the profile of the customer’s past purchasing behavior for example.
The risk analysis system can also be simultaneously used to spot and block fraudulent transactions.
Credit card issuers are increasingly using the services of third parties to manage the authentication process.
Netcetera provides access to 3DS infrastructure with modern authentication and risk analysis processes.
Its highly secure services are hosted in Switzerland and can easily be integrated into existing solutions.
This environment meets the high security requirements of Visa and MasterCard and is PCI DSS certified.
The 3DS infrastructure is also an important component of SwissWallet the payment solution recently launched by Netcetera the Aduno Group and Swisscard.
More about swiss made software - the book.
Two Bronze awards at Best of Swiss Web - Two Bronze awards.
Awards 08 April 2016.
Two Bronze awards at Best of Swiss Web.
IT-dreamjobs and Ticketcorner ski portal scoop prizes.
Two of our projects won prizes at the Best of Swiss Web Award night on 7 April.
The website.
IT-dreamjobs.ch shows the fascinating variety of jobs and industries in which software engineers work.
It received a Bronze award in the category Public Affairs.
Netcetera’s apprentices programmed the website.
The Ticketcorner ski portal developed by Netcetera received Bronze in the category Business Efficiency.
On this platform snow sports enthusiasts can get the latest information and their ski tickets anywhere and anytime – without waiting at the checkout.
About the digitalization of our life - Presentation at CeBIT by Andrej Vckovski.
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub 13 April 2016.
About the digitalization of our life.
Presentations of Netcetera’s CEO.
Our life is more and more being determined by the digitalization processes.
About this trend our CEO Andrej Vckovski held two presentations at CeBIT 2016 in Hannover.
Presentation SwissWallet: For developing digital products security and resilience is very important as we live in times of insecurity.
Andrej Vckovski Netcetera's CEO demonstrates this by explaining.
SwissWallet.
Presentation digital life live: As Netcetera's CEO and as Member of the Management Board of the umbrella organisation.
ICTswitzerland.
Andrej Vckovski presents the results of the survey digital.swiss.
Watch the video of the presentation „SwissWallet – Smart and secure“.
View the presentation on „SwissWallet – Smart and secure“.
Watch the video of the presentation „Digital life live“.
View the presentation on „Digital life live“.
Date Time API with PostgreSQL.
Presentation about Java 8 11 July 2016.
Digital transformation of card payments - Presentation by our payment expert.
Secure digital payment 18 April 2016.
Digital transformation of card payments.
Presentation by our payment expert Dr Andrej Vckovski.
At the ProfitCard conference of 14 and 15 April 2016 in Wiesbaden Germany Netcetera’s CEO held a presentation about the digital transformation of card payments.
By explaining SwissWallet the differences between online mobile contactless and in-app payment are being clarified.
Chief Executive Officer +41 44 297 59 05.
Digitale Transformation der Kartenzahlung - Referat von unserem Payment-Experten.
Secure Digital Payment 18.
April 2016.
Digitale Transformation der Kartenzahlung.
Referat unseres Payment-Experten Dr Andrej Vckovski.
An der.
ProfitCard-Konferenz vom 14.
und 15.
April 2016 in Wiesbaden Deutschland hielt Netceteras CEO eine.
Präsentation über die digitale Transformation der Kartenzahlung.
Anhand von SwissWallet werden die Unterschiede zwischen Online Mobile Contactless und In-App Payment erklärt.
Sprechen Sie mit dem Experten.
E-Mail.
Zürich Schweiz.
Zypressenstrasse 71 8040 Zürich > Adresse anzeigen.
Geschäftsleitung.
Einfacher bequemer und sicherer Bezahlen im E-Commerce 06.
Mai 2020 20 Jahre Payment-Expertise in 45 Minuten.
EMV 3DS 2.2.0 zertifiziert.
Mehr genehmigte Transaktionen mit Netcetera 3DS-Server & SDK 30.
März 2020.
Neuer Standort in Singapur.
Ein weiterer Schritt in Richtung globale Expansion 24.
März 2020.
Payment Trend Scouting.
Wohin geht die Reise beim elektronischen Bezahlen? 23.
März 2020.
Online-Shopping: Einfacher & sicherer.
Unsere Payment Expertinnen an der MPE 25.
Februar 2020.
Herausforderungen im E-Commerce.
Wie Tokenisierung und SRC helfen können 13.
Februar 2020.
Vergrösserung des Transaktionsvolumens.
Fünf Gründe für EMV 3DS 2.2.0 13.
Februar 2020.
Scheme-Tokenisierung.
Anzahl Transaktionen und Sicherheit im E-Commerce erhöhen 05.
Dezember 2019.
Zweimal Gold am Digital Economy Award.
Viseca one App ausgezeichnet für «Highest Digital Quality» 29.
November 2019.
Digitales Bezahlen 2020.
Die Erkenntnisse unserer Experten am Swiss Payment Forum 12.
November 2019.
Ausgezeichnet: Viseca one & ChecklistAR.
Best of Swiss Apps Award 2019 07.
November 2019.
Erster in Europa: Amex Safekey 2.0.
Netcetera 3DS ACS zertifiziert 22.
Oktober 2019.
Das Neuste aus der Digital Payment Welt von unseren Experten 14.
Oktober 2019.
Erste 3-D Secure 2.0 Transaktionen in CH.
Datatrans und Cornèrcard zählen auf Netcetera 3DS Produkte 11.
Oktober 2019.
Opening celebration Munich - Pictures of the celebration.
Munich 12 May 2016.
Opening celebration Munich.
The pictures.
On 11 May we celebrated the opening of our new office in Munich Germany.
The acting general consul Frank Nohl wished us a successful start.
Find the pictures of the celebration on flickr.
Michael Seifert as Managing Director 13 January 2016.
Innovation Summit 2018.
Insights into digital payment from our experts 23 October 2018.
Wemlin app automatically calculates supplementary zones - App automatically calculates supplementary zones.
Media release 23 May 2016.
Wemlin app automatically calculates supplementary zones.
Public transport authorities simplify ticket sales with Wemlin Tickets.
The new Supplementary Tickets function of the Wemlin Tickets smartphone app is smarter than ticket machines.
After storing their pass details travelers only have to enter their destination to buy a supplementary ticket.
Wemlin Tickets calculates the necessary additional zones so travelers always buy the right ticket.
Seven public transport authorities now rely on the Wemlin app for easy and convenient ticket purchase: Baselland Transport Lucerne transit agency Fribourg public transport Bern Lötschberg Simplon Rail St.
Gallen transport authority and most recently STI Thun transport authority and Schaffhausen transport authority.
Supplementary tickets are available in many public transport networks to allow monthly or yearly pass holders to cover extra zones.
With conventional self-service ticket machines customers have to use a zone map to determine the necessary additional zones.
That leads to many mistakes.
The Wemlin Tickets smartphone app from Netcetera simplifies the purchase of supplementary tickets and ensures that travelers buy the right ticket.
Travelers can enter previously purchased zones and passes very easily in the app.
After the destination is selected Wemlin Tickets automatically calculates the necessary extra zones.
That enormously simplifies the purchase process by saving travelers the trouble of consulting zone maps to determine the required ticket.
It also avoids mistakes due to incorrectly determined zones or wrong route/transfer data.
Of course travelers can still purchase supplementary tickets in the usual way by selecting the required number of zones directly and consulting the zone map if necessary.
«There is a high error rate with supplementary tickets bought from ticket machines.
I am very pleased that the new function of our public transport tickets app öV-TICKET makes it much easier for our customers to buy supplementary tickets totally in line with our tickets app slogan ”child’s play”.» says Beat Nater Manager Sales & Marketing at Lucerne transit agency.
Day tickets multipack.
Wemlin Tickets offers even more: along with conventional single tickets multi-trip tickets and supplementary tickets travelers can now purchase multi-day tickets with Wemlin Tickets.
Night owls and people travelling after 9am also benefit.
They can purchase their night surcharge or 9am day ticket conveniently with their smartphone.
The existing childproof function with a password is now supplemented by Touch ID for easy authentication with the user's fingerprint.
Convenient ticket purchase in most Swiss public transport networks.
Seven transport authorities are simplifying ticket purchase in public transport networks: Baselland Transport in the Northwest Switzerland public transport network (TNW Tickets) Lucerne transit agency with the Passepartout public transport network (öV-TICKET) Fribourg public transport (TPF) the Libero – Bern Lötschberg Simplon Rail public transport network (LiberoTickets) the Ostwind public transport network of the St.
Gallen transport authority (OSTWIND Tickets) STI Thun transport authority (STI Tickets) and the Flextax public transport network of the Schaffhausen transport authority (Flexi Ticket).
Travelers can pay securely and easily with all commonly used credit cards (Visa MasterCard American Express) the PostFinance Card Swisscom Easypay (mobile account) and soon Twint.
«We are proud that Wemlin Tickets now covers most public transport networks in Switzerland making local public transport ticket purchase much easier and more convenient for travelers,» says Ronnie Brunner Head of Products at Netcetera.
The apps can be downloaded from the app stores free of charge.
LiberoTickets.
For iOS and Android.
TNW Tickets.
For iOS and Android öV-TICKET.
OSTWIND Tickets.
Flexi Ticket.
STI Tickets.
TPF.
On this topic.
Child's play .
Ticketing app for Lucerne Transit Agency 03 March 2015.
Joint venture AI First launched with 4Quant 27 March 2019.
LiveGuide: the digital traveling compagnion for Zentralbahn - First railway company using RailVista.
RailVista 06 June 2016.
LiveGuide: the digital traveling compagnion for Zentralbahn.
First railway company using RailVista.
The Zentralbahn app LiveGuide is a digital traveling companion for passengers traveling between Lucerne and Interlaken.
The app offers general information about the route as well as interesting landmarks which are automatically updated throughout your journey based on your GPS location.
LiveGuide is based on Netcetera's product RailVista.
With the LiveGuide app the Zentralbahn has launched a new digital traveling companion on the route between Lucerne and Interlaken.
Travelers can use the app to get background information about the Zentralbahn the route and the most interesting sights along the way on their smartphone or tablet.
At any time travelers can see where they are on the map and when they will pass the next landmark.
These landmarks appear automatically on the screen as soon as the train gets close.
«The Zentralbahn is proud to offer this innovation to its travelers,» said Renato Fasciati CEO of the Zentralbahn with excitement.
«This offer aligns with our strategy to position ourselves stronger among those traveling for pleasure which represent 75% of all our passengers.».
Along with text and images travelers can also listen to most of the information as audio files.
All information including audio files are available in German English and Chinese.
Users can also watch a short film of the landmarks on the route from the conductor's perspective.
«The app offers a wide range of possibilities: Whether text images audio or film – it has something for everyone,» said Renato Fasciati.
«And with the Chinese translation we want to give our numerous guests from China a nice surprise».
The conductor's point of view.
This innovation in rail travel is based on the product RailVista which can be used for additional routes and railway companies.
«We thank the Zentralbahn for their collaboration in developing this app,» said Rafael Pérez Süess Head of New Markets at Netcetera.
«We are convinced that this offer will satisfy many customers' needs and we look forward to future launches with other railway companies.» RailVista also offers a live video stream from the perspective of the conductor the CockpitView.
This places travelers at the front of the action when the train speeds through a tunnel or snakes around curves.
The LiveGuide app can be downloaded free in the app stores for both.
Android and iOS devices.
The Zentralbahn recommends downloading the app beforehand over Wi-Fi.
During the train ride the app can be used without an internet connection which is especially useful for international guests in order to avoid roaming fees.
To the LiveGuide movie.
Contact our expert for more info.
Rafael Pérez Süess.
Head of Business Development +41 44 297 57 32.
Real estate valuation platform for Wüest & Partner - Comprehensive and efficient valuation.
Real estate 15 June 2016.
Real estate valuation platform for Wüest & Partner.
We developed Wüest Dimensions for the consulting firm Wüest & Partner a pioneering platform for independent real estate valuations.
Wüest Dimensions is available for business customers partners and employees of Wüest & Partner.
Wüest & Partner is a consulting firm specializing in the construction and real estate markets and in urban and regional development.
With the aim of expanding its core business with comprehensive services innovative products and exclusive data Wüest & Partner launched the real estate valuation platform Wüest Dimensions realized by Netcetera.
Wüest Dimensions replaces several existing valuation services and forms the new technical backbone of the Wüest & Partner valuation business.
With the help of Wüest Dimensions registered users can access the comprehensive database owned by Wüest & Partner which they can use to retrieve information online for their own real estate valuations.
The platform optimizes and consolidates various workflows.
It can accommodate multiple customers and is operated by Netcetera at its own data center.
Using Wüest Dimensions a user's own data including real estate properties clients and projects can be centrally collected and evaluated using multiple methods.
Users can also perform various calculations and generate reports.
Wüest Dimensions offers users various comprehensive valuation methods.
Hedonic valuations (as single family homes or as condominiums) property valuations profitability valuations (either account or benefit-oriented) and discounted cash flow valuations can all be performed.
GeoData is also available which for example enables the consideration of regional rental costs and property prices.
Small-scale valuations surveys of market values and structural analyses are all possible.
With the integration of various valuation methods and comprehensive market data Wüest Dimensions allows us to perform our valuations more comprehensively and efficiently, says Andreas Amman partner and Chairman of the Executive Board of Wüest & Partner.
Netcetera is the right partner for us.
They have supported us perfectly from A to Z with their technical expertise and dedicated perseverance.
Standortinfos.
How to sell your company - Start-up lecture by our Chief Investment Officer Darko Butin.
CEO 29 June 2016.
How to sell your company.
Start-up lecture by our Chief Investment Officer Darko Butina.
On 27 June our Chief Investment Officer Darko Butina held a start-up lecture with practical advice and first-hand experience on “How to sell your company” in our office in Zürich.
You will find the presentation on Slideshare.
At this lecture you will: learn all about the 10 step process of selling the company, get loads of practical tips from first-hand experience, learn how the process looks like (from real-life perspective), find out what you should be vary of, get insight in what kind of valuation you can expect.
About the speaker:
Darko Butina is Chief Investment Officer of Netcetera.
In the past he has managed several companies from different industries generating from 0 CHF revenues to over half a billion CHF revenues.
He has also funded and managed start-ups raised funds for them saw them fail and also saw them succeed.
Among other achievements he led Slovenia’s biggest e-commerce player through turnaround to the largest exit for such company in Slovenia and the region.
Darko is also active in the start-up community for more than 10 years sharing his experiences and knowledge with start-ups around Europe.
He currently spends his time between Zurich and Ljubljana.
This lecture is free for all members of the start-up community.
The venue is Netcetera’s offices at Albisriederstrasse 80a.
Refreshments will be offered.
Please register via this e-mail address.
Darko Butina.
Chief Growth Officer +41 44 297 58 19.
Date Time API in applications with PostgreSQL - Presentation about Java 8.
CEO 11 July 2016.
Date Time API in applications with PostgreSQL.
Presentation about Java 8.
At the this year’s.
Swiss PGDay – the Swiss conference about the world's most advanced open source database PostgreSQL in Rapperswil our Senior Software Engineer Philippe Marschall held a presentation (in German).
He spoke about the Java 8 Date Time API with PostgreSQL.
Philippe Marschall.
Senior Software Engineer.
Anniversary party and opening event in Macedonia - Impressions.
Skopje.
Ohrid 20 September 2016.
Anniversary party and opening event in Macedonia.
Impressions from both events.
Mid September we celebrated 20 years of Netcetera and 15 years anniversary of our location in Skopje Macedonia.
The party was great and will remain unforgettable!
Additionaly we opened up a second location in Macedonia in Ohrid.
We raised our glasses on this historical event.
Check out more pictures of the anniversary party.
On this topic 20 year anniversary.
Software Waste Disposal & Blockchain.
Presentations at IEEE EUROCON 2017 in July 13 July 2017.
20 year anniversary - Impressions from the party in Zurich.
Zürich 14 July 2016 20 year anniversary.
Impressions from the party in Zürich.
End of June we celebrated our 20 year anniversary at Kaufleuten Zürich.
Thank you for making it such a blast! Check out the video and the pictures to bask in the sweet memories.
Scratch and Augmented Reality for kids.
Kidsday 2018 09 November 2018.
A glimpse behind the scenes of Jazoon.
Interview with our Software Engineer Alex Striffeler 27 July 2018.
Digital Prototyping Workshop.
Learn rapid prototyping 19 February 2018.
New business cases for new times.
Presentation by our expert Rafael Pérez Süess 09 February 2018 Alles Blau podcast by Caroline Palla.
We are safeguarding online payments with Entersekt - We are safeguarding online payments.
Media release 26 July 2016.
We are safeguarding online payments with Entersekt.
Partnership for secure and convenient online transactions with credit cards.
The leading Swiss software company Netcetera is partnering with Entersekt a world leader in authentication and mobile app security.
Entersekt will provide Netcetera with push-based transaction authentication software engineered to protect card-based online payments through a highly secure but user-friendly adaptation of the 3-D Secure process.
Designed to serve as an additional layer of security for e-commerce purchases 3-D Secure can significantly reduce card-not-present fraud rates.
Unfortunately typical implementations of the standard do not match users’ expectations of a low-friction digital experience relying as they do on static or single-use passwords.
Entersekt’s solution reinvents the 3-D Secure user experience by enabling consumers to authenticate purchases through their mobile devices with just the touch of a button.
This fully out-of-band multi-factor authentication process which does not rely on browser communications significantly boosts security while eliminating the need to remember static passwords or enter one-time passwords.
Supporting its customers through every stage of the project life cycle Netcetera also hosts a world-class 3-D Secure service at its PCI DSS-certified data center.
“Netcetera has over a decade’s experience building and hosting 3-D Secure solutions for banks and card issuers,” explained Dr Thomas Fromherz Head of Payment and Card Services at Netcetera.
“Integrated into our 3DS DYN product Entersekt’s technology compliments our other offerings in this space and ensures that we continue to provide our customers with the very best protection while delivering a singularly intuitive user experience.”.
The Entersekt–Netcetera partnership has its origin in an earlier collaboration in support of the card issuer Swisscard AECS a joint venture between Credit Suisse and American Express.
The first fruits of this new partnership are imminent with launches in Germany later this year.
Claudius van der Meulen VP business development Europe at Entersekt credits Netcetera’s excellent reputation for raising awareness of Entersekt in the region.
“Netcetera’s expertise in managing mission-critical environments helps us to grow awareness for our unique multi-factor authentication solutions.
With multi-tenant capabilities now enabled on our security platform and upcoming implementations at German card issuers and banks I am very confident that momentum will continue to build.”.
Schalk Nolte CEO of Entersekt added: “Entersekt’s suite of solutions provides a compelling answer to a range of challenges facing financial services companies in Europe.
Whether it’s the rapid rise in online card fraud fast-evolving mobile malware the obsolescence of mTANs in countering phishing attacks or regulatory changes and the impact of PSD2 on banks’ bottom lines we can assist.
That’s especially true with excellent partners like Netcetera.
I’m very proud to have them stand with us.”.
Contact our expert.
Prevent credit card fraud 3-D Secure: Security and convenience for online shopping.
SIC⁴ is Swiss ICT Award finalist - Our milestone project SIC⁴ with Six Group.
Awards 18 August 2016.
SIC⁴ is Swiss ICT Award finalist.
Our milestone project with Six Group.
The success story continues: our SIC⁴ project with Six Group made it to the finals of the Swiss ICT Award.
It's one of 10 out of more than 100 entered projects.
The Swiss ICT Award ceremony takes place in Lucerne on 15 November 2016.
More info about SIC⁴.
Future Swiss payment system.
SIX launches euroSIC 30 April 2015.
Wirecard with our MPI ready for UnionPay - Successful implementation with the first customer.
Media release 31 August 2016.
Wirecard with our MPI ready for UnionPay.
Successful implementation with the first customer.
Our Merchant Plug-In (MPI) now also supports the UnionPay Online Payment (UPOP) standard of the UnionPay credit card organization.
With this move we are reacting to the growing market share of UnionPay transactions in Europe.
The extension of the MPI was developed and implemented together with Wirecard the German specialist for payment processing and issuing.
Wirecard is the first customer to offer our MPI for Secure Plus secure payment processing with UnionPay credit cards.
Wirecard is already our MPI customer.
For the technical development and test phase of Secure Plus we worked together even more closely.
Dr Thomas Käppner Head of Merchant Services at Wirecard says: Thanks to the successful cooperation with Netcetera and their pioneering spirit we were able to move forward quickly and are now the first to integrate Netcetera's MPI for UnionPay Secure Plus.
With this extension it will be very easy for our retail customers to integrate UnionPay with secure payments since the interfaces are closely related to other handling procedures.
Netcetera and Wirecard are now ready for the growing market share of UnionPay in Europe as the number of UPOP transactions is increasing continuously.
Our MPI can be implemented very quickly and easily for other payment service providers.
Michael Seifert Managing Director Netcetera GmbH in Germany: There is an increasing demand for UnionPay.
We are very happy to offer secure payments in this area with our MPI extension.
It’s our ambition to constantly expand our services together with our customers and to offer product improvements and new features.
Secure payment handling with Netcetera's MPI.
Our merchant plug-in ensures the smooth and reliable processing of payments on the internet.
It also offers contemporary web services for the verification and authentication of the card holder.
As an integrated part of the purchasing process the MPI authenticates and verifies the cardholder according to UnionPay Secure Pay standards as well as those of Verified by Visa MasterCard® SecureCodeTM American Express Safekey® and Diners ProtectBuySM.
The plug-in is being used worldwide for instance in Australia Bulgaria Croatia the UK Germany Hong Kong Hungary Russia Ukraine and more.
Talk to our expert.
Michael Seifert.
Managing Director Germany +49 89 244 14 87 51.
Munich Germany.
Netcetera GmbH.
St.-Anna-Platz 2 80538 Munich.
Munich.
Game changer HoloLens - Experience the future of augmented reality today.
CEO 05 September 2016.
Game changer HoloLens.
Experience the future of augmented reality today.
Augmented reality has been in the news recently thanks to Pokemon Go.
HoloLens goes a few pioneering steps further thanks to environment recognition: it visualizes virtual worlds within real space.
The device is still only accessible to a very limited few but it gives a strong indication of what the future of augmented reality or mixed reality will look like in a year or two.
Many people are critical and cannot imagine the benefits of this technology.
There was a similar reaction when the first mobile phones with cameras were launched.
Nobody understood the point of good cameras.
However once you have actually experienced augmented or mixed reality for yourself you can see that this attractive form of visualization is not just a passing fad but the harbinger of something greater.
Expert article by Netceteras Principal Architect Reto Grob for inside-it.ch.
The HoloLens in a nutshell.
Depending on how you look at it the HoloLens is a sort of digital glasses or a new form of portable computer which allows 3D projections to be embedded in real space and interact with real objects.
The HoloLens recognizes its environment allowing objects to hang on walls or hide under tables or interact with them based on physical models.
It is controlled by simple gestures head motion eye movement and speech recognition.
Unlike other headsets the HoloLens is a fully independent stand-alone computer and does not need a smartphone.
The HoloLens integrates several sensors Wi-Fi and cameras operates for 3 hours on a single battery charge and runs under Windows 10.
Microsoft is currently offering the device in the US and Canada as a mixed reality device for USD 3,000.
The term mixed reality (MR) is based on the fact that the device interacts more strongly with the environment than previous augmented reality (AR) applications, Virtual Reality (VR):
Completely computer generated environment with the greatest possible immersion but little relationship to the real world.
Augmented Reality (AR):
Computer-based extension of reality often by blending or overlaying images and sound.
Mixed Reality (MR):
Mixing real worlds and environments with virtual environments.
Technology and structure.
The user looks through a transparent glass visor.
Optical waveguides which look like two transparent screens are embedded in the glass.
These add light to the natural light to blend the three-dimensional worlds into the natural environment.
For spatial recognition the HoloLens uses.
Kinect technology in particular depth sensors.
These continuously scan the environment.
This is how the HoloLens recognizes and remembers the entire space including walls and tables.
A Holographic Processing Unit (HPU) processes all the data from the sensors and computes the projections.
The sensors comprise a gyroscope acceleration sensor and head-tracking sensor magnetometer light sensor microphones and a video camera.
Everything has been integrated into a very good overall package.
The high resolution and stable spatial positioning of 3D objects are extraordinary.
Watch the video HoloLens introduction.
HoloLens with visible optical waveguides and a large variety of sensors.
A game changer.
The HoloLens is difficult to describe – you really need to experience this altered reality to understand what it actually means.
This new kind of visualization in your own environment makes a very strong impression.
Why is it a game changer?
First of all the superior visualization.
One example is the HoloAnatomy App which shows a life-sized human body in your living room.
If you walk around the body you can understand how it works much better than by looking at a monitor.
Secondly the way it interacts with the environment.
In the RoboRaid first-person shooter game for example it is impressive to see how aliens knock holes in your walls and insects crawl out of them.
Thirdly its simplicity.
Children aged 6 and seniors over 70 were able to use the headset without much instruction.
They could dive into the experience straight away and move around in the virtual world.
This is the first device since the introduction of the iPhone with a totally new form of control that is so easy and intuitive for everyone to use.
For me that makes the HoloLens a game changer.
The device opens up totally new worlds of experience that were not possible before.
The current device will certainly not reach a huge public – it is too expensive and not sufficiently available – but it shows us the future roadmap of AR and MR.
Visualizing the human body.
Aliens in RoboRaid perceive the walls.
The competition is not standing idly by.
The AR/MR area is in a state of rapid flux with a huge number of announcements.
Where is the HoloLens positioned in the market?
Mobile phones because they are so widespread are the strongest competition.
With the success of Pokemon Go the AR concept has gained breadth.
Even if Pokemon Go is very trivial it shows how quickly a large number of people can be drawn in.
Tango gives you an experience similar to the HoloLens with a mobile phone.
So far only one device has been announced the Lenovo Phab 2 Pro The experience is somewhat limited because users have to view the scene through the small screen of their phone or tablet but if it becomes widely available to everyone as a built-in smartphone app with no visible cost it can become huge despite this.
Magic Leap is a startup which has already been valued at over 4.5 billion and has obtained funding of over 1 billion.
The company is still keeping everything under wraps but apparently – unlike HoloLens – the light is projected directly into the user's eyes.
Magic Leap technology could therefore enable a very wide field of view and possibly smaller hardware.
We have to wait and see.
There are many devices in the VR area including HTC Vive and Samsung Gear or CardBoard.
These enable much better immersion in a closed virtual world because the user is no longer aware of the real world.
However this often leads to nausea.
As the user is very isolated I see these devices being primarily used in gaming or for visualization in museums.
Where are the downsides?
The most often mentioned criticism of the HoloLens relates to its key components the optical waveguides: The field of view is limited with a stated value of about 30 to 40 degrees.
This may affect users to a greater or lesser extent – it depends on the application how noticeable or irritating it is.
The optical waveguides are also not usable in direct sunlight because they cannot overlay the sunlight strongly enough.
This means that the device is primarily used indoors.
The HoloLens is very nicely finished and considering its many functions it is very compact and well designed.
However it could be made more user friendly for the use scenarios – in particular it is very conspicuous and irritating when a HoloLens user looks at someone else.
Application areas.
Although still in the development kit stage the HoloLens is a very nicely finished and mature product.
Given the high price and limited availability in North America distribution will be very concentrated – making it a business device not a consumer device.
The following application areas have already been identified:
Engineering firms for rapid prototyping of new designs.
Design agencies and architectural firms for visualization of their work.
Healthcare sector for presentation of body scans.
Generally in education and training for better explanation of processes for example the inner workings of the body or of machines.
Visualizations and intuitive explanations in museums.
We will have to wait and see how much these use cases actually become reality.
However the existing trial applications are impressive examples of what mixed reality can do.
Who will finally win the race is not yet clear but the HoloLens already shows us where the future is headed.
Talk to our expert about it.
Reto Grob.
Head of AR Studio +41 31 740 75 13.
Bern Switzerland.
Hirschengraben 6 3011 Bern.
Bern.
Reto Grob is Principal Software Architect at the software company Netcetera in Zurich.
He is responsible for software architecture heads up project development and supports business development with innovation topics.
In addition he is a Member of the Board at smama and Best-of-Swiss Apps and heads the Mobile Apps group in smama.
His 16 years of experience have taken him into a wide variety of software stacks with recent focus on mobile and modern web applications.
Reto Grob studied Information Science at the Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich and has worked for extensive periods abroad.
CREALOGIX E-Banking integrated for VZ Depotbank - A single portal for asset management and E-Banking.
Financial Technology 06 September 2016.
CREALOGIX E-Banking integrated for VZ Depotbank.
A single portal for asset management and E-Banking.
We have seamlessly integrated the CREALOGIX Digital Banking Hub into VZ Depotbank's financial portal.
As a result VZ clients now have a single platform for their financial transactions and all E-Banking functions.
We have developed a financial portal for VZ Depotbank where clients can conveniently manage their financial investments their occupational (2nd pillar) and private (3rd pillar) pensions and their mortgages online.
The integration of the CREALOGIX Digital Banking Hub means the platform also covers all E-Banking functions.
As a result a single portal is all that is needed to access relevant information and to perform all common banking transactions online.
The portal is secure and user-friendly and creates complete transparency over the entire financial portfolio.
We are regularly improving VZ Depotbank's portal.
Insurance services are coming in the autumn and a mobile version for smartphones is planned for 2017.
The digital currency is called trust.
CEO Andrej Vckovski about SwissWallet & Swiss payment market 18 November 2016.
Challenges in the payment industry.
Presentation by Netcetera expert Reto Gross 09 November 2016.
Successful implementation with the first customer 31 August 2016.
Netcetera developes Virtual Reality app for Blick Group - Ringier launches BlickVR.
Media 19 September 2016.
Netcetera developes Virtual Reality app for Blick Group.
Ringier launches new BlickVR app.
Have you dreamed of climbing the steep face of the Eiger or driving a Ferrari on a racetrack? On 19 September 2016 the Blick Group launched «BlickVR» a virtual reality app developed by Netcetera.
The innovative free app is now available for iOS and Android devices as well as the VR glasses by Samsung the Gear VR.
Blick Group is a pioneer in innovative media: its 360 degree videos are regularly viewed by millions on sites such as YouTube.
Ringier is one of the first media companies to launch a virtual reality app –.
BlickVR developed by Netcetera.
The app is available free for iOS and Android devices as well as VR glasses by Samsung the Gear VR.
Thanks to Netcetera’s expertise in app development and virtual reality Ringier can now make its 360 degree videos accessible to a wider audience.
Netcetera recognized the importance of virtual reality early on and invested in this technology.
BlickVR regularly releases new 360 degree videos via the app and users can also use it in just one click with virtual reality glasses such as Google Cardboard.
Of course the content is also available in its conventional format on smartphones and now online at blick.ch in a separate navigation area.
Netcetera's successful partnership with Ringier.
Ringier’s new BlickVR app is the third app in which Netcetera was involved as a developer.
Last December Ringer launched BliQ an application that delivers news to smartphones just like a card game.
With some user feedback this app learns very quickly what the user is interested in and what not.
Previously Netcetera developed the new Blick Sport app that was launched in July 2015.
With comprehensive news and many new features.
The Blick VR app is available free in the app stores for iOS and Android devices as well as VR glasses by Samsung the Gear VR.
About Blick Group.
Blick Group is the strongest media brand in German-speaking Switzerland and according to latest WEMF survey (Total Audience 2016-1) reaches 1,932 million readers and users per day through its newspapers and online portals.
Videos on the Blick Group portals receive on average 35 million views.
BlickVR presents extraordinary views with exclusive 360 degree videos of aircraft sports travel cars and panoramas.
Here: Home screen on Gear VR.
Users can fly across Switzerland in the cockpit of the Air Force’s Patrouille Suisse or PC-7 Team or an Airbus.
Users can be right in the middle of the action on Dominique Aegerter’s motorbike.
Users can be notified about new 360 degree videos via push message.
Here: Home screen on iPhone.
Blick Sport App.
One single application for many sports 15 July 2015.
Concert for Peace - Support by Netcetera Cultura.
Cultura 05 October 2016.
Support by Netcetera Cultura.
Netcetera Cultura is a sponsor of Concert for Peace .
There are two events in Switzerland one in Biel on 22 October 2016 and one in Rapperswil on 23 October 2016.
The two classical musicians from Serbia studied at the music high school in Kiev together with many colleagues of Ukraine and Russia.
By organizing this concert they stand up for peace and mutual respect.
More information about our initiative.
Netcetera Cultura.
«We know exactly what companies need in these fast-paced times» - Interview with our CEO.
CEO 07 October 2016 «We know exactly what companies need in these fast-paced times».
Interview with Netcetera's CEO.
Swiss Global Enterpreise interviewed Andrej Vckovski our CEO about the topic industry 4.0: «Optimizing processes is the key to maintaining your company's competitiveness.
Digitization can help to make products and processes more efficient.
But it's also a matter of optimizing your company structure with digital solutions.».
Read the article.
Digital Life.
Presentation at CeBIT by Andrej Vckovski 13 April 2016.
Challenges for developers in 2017.
Interview with our CEO in Netzwoche 22 March 2017.
Challenges in the payment industry - Presentation by Netcetera expert Reto Gross.
Secure digital payment 3-D Secure Issuer Service.
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub 3-D Secure Acquiring Products 09 November 2016.
Presentation by Netcetera expert Reto Gross.
The honor of the opening speech at Swiss Payment Forum 2016 went to Reto Gross our Director Payment & Card Services.
He critically and holistically appraised current and future developments in the payment area.
In these uncertain but exciting times the industry faces several challenges.
Can challenges be innovation drivers? Reto Gross analyses what the impacts to the innovation plans of the market participants are and who can contribute in what way to give the right impulses.
The Reto Gross‘ presentation is backed by extensive experience: as notable market actor we supply the payment industry with mature highly functional and secure solutions.
Additionally we bring in our conceptual consulting expertise early in the value chain so that the entire industry can develop sustainably and successfully – to the benefit of the consumers the merchants and hence also the issuers of payment means.
To the presentation „Challenges in the payment industry“.
To the Swiss Payment Forum website.
About the future of payment solutions 09 December 2015.
Presentation by our payment expert 18 April 2016.
Mobile payment.
Switzerland mobilizes against cash 19 February 2015.
Digital journey through the Swiss Museum of Transport - Our CEO Andrej Vckovski testing Media World app.
Media World app.
Mobile 15 November 2016.
Digital journey through the Swiss Museum of Transport.
CEO Andrej Vckovski testing our Media World app.
We are helping the Museum of Transport in Lucerne get going on the road to digitalization: We developed the app for their Media World attraction.
The app is the perfect companion for this interactive world of experiences.
Our CEO Andrej Vckovski tested the app together with the Marketing and Communications team at the beginning of November.
The Media World of the Museum of Transport invites visitors to discover the multifaceted world of media.
The professional TV studio is the heart of this interactive world.
Here visitors can experience the opportunities offered by media technology firsthand.
During our visit we produced our own show.
We managed the recording from the director's desk and switched live between freely chosen backgrounds in the so-called green box.
Virtual reality glasses are available in the lab.
They allowed us to experience far off places and events as if we were right in the thick of things – from taking flight in a helicopter to going on an adventurous snowboard ride.
Andrej Vckovski produces the Netcetera show in the studio.
Jumping over rooftops with virtual reality glasses.
An additional highlight of the interactive world is the 360° photo booth which creates three-dimensional full-body pictures.
36 cameras snap pictures simultaneously and recorded our entire team from all sides.
Travel companion Media World app.
Using the app we developed visitors can also expand their Media World with additional features.
In the app anything that is produced on-site can be stored in a personal account.
This way users can access their own clips even after their visit is over.
The app also contains comprehensive information on the interactive world a best of collection of must-see visitor clips and an overview of Media World events.
The app brought along some challenging requirements: due to the viral spreading of the clips produced in Media World in social networks the usage varies greatly.
Also different kinds of devices and bandwidths need to receive the best possible quality.
That’s why we implemented the backend with user administration with cloud technologies.
Noteworthy are especially Microsoft Azure as application platform and Akamai as Content Delivery Network.
These platforms ensure a good user experience at all times.
Download free Media World App in Google Play.
Download free Media World App in iTunes App Store.
Loging in to the app via touch screen at the entrance.
Using the app we designed visitors can dive headfirst into the Media World: Additional information a best of section with must-see clips share your clips with friends and events supplement Media World.
360° picture.
Want to know more about the digitalization of the Transport Museum:
Benno Häfliger.
Director Digital Enterprise +41 44 297 58 33.
Zürich ePolice Mobile.
Six awards! - Our projects scooped the prizes at Best of Swiss App Award.
Awards 17 November 2016.
Our projects scooped the prizes at Best of Swiss App Award.
Four of our projects impressed the jury and audience at the award night of the Best of Swiss App Awards in Zurich on16 November 2016.
The winners with five Bronze and one Silver award are VisecaOne Welterbe Region Sardona LiveGuide and U-Abo.
Best of Swiss App Award honors the best apps in different categories with prices.
This year the jury awarded four of our projects with six awards.
In addition we have reached rank 4 among the best app developers.
The Best of Swiss Apps ranking includes all the points collected by the app suppliers at the 2013 to 2016 awards.
VisecaOne for the Aduno Group: Silver in Functionality and Bronze in Business.
VisecaOne developed by us and Nothing Interactive makes the users’ digital live easier.
With the free digital service and the VisecaOne app the users have access to all the important information about their credit cards at all times.
They are able to manage card details such as insurance benefits their personal preferences or check the current spending in real-time.
In addition online payments requesting the 3-D Secure standard can easily be checked and then confirmed via app or sms code.
Download in Apple app store.
Download in Google app store.
Welterbe Region Sardona – Augmented Learning Experience (ALE) for Flims Laax Falera Tourism: Bronze in Design and Bronze in Usability.
Learning new and interesting facts about geology nature and culture of the world heritage region Sardona accompanied by the app: The Sardona app - ALE «Augmented Learning Experience» - connects learning of facts that are usually difficult to learn with the latest technological and academic methods.
The user experiences for example virtual 360° round tours offering insights into the past or future on the spot.
This is a completely new merging of virtual and pure reality.
LiveGuide for Zentralbahn: Bronze in Functionality.
Real digital transformation in the travel industry: the travel brochure is being replaced and digitized and using the latest technologies even augmented.
LiveGuide is the multimedia travel companion for the journey between Lucerne and Interlaken.
Travelers receive interesting facts about the route and sightseeing highlights directly on their smart device.
On the map they can see where they are when the next highlight is coming up and they never miss anything thanks to the notifications.
Every traveler enjoys interesting facts about the most beautiful points of the journey in their own language and without having to pay any roaming costs.
The view out of the cockpit ensures a special experience.
More about our product RailVista.
U-Abo for BLT with Nothing Interactive: Bronze in Usability.
The first digital public transport travel card in Switzerland: with the U-Abo app the travelers can easily buy validate and extend their travel card for Basel – everything with their smartphone.
BLT BVB Orca Services and Nothing Interactive implemented the first digital travel card in Switzerland together with us.
More about our ticketing products.
Audience voting with DirectPoll.
Our live voting platform DirectPoll was used again this year to determine the best app of the year.
http://www.nothing.ch.
The digital currency is called trust - CEO Andrej Vckovski about SwissWallet & Swiss payment market.
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub 18 November 2016.
Our CEO Andrej Vckovski about SwissWallet and the Swiss payment market.
How do digital trends change the banking world and what are the challenges for banks? Our CEO Andrej Vckovski answers those questions in his presentation about SwissWallet at the Swiss Payment Forum in November 2016.
Andrej Vckovski and Roland Zwyssig CMO of the Aduno Group delivered an insight into the Swiss payment market the international credit card networks and the SwissWallet approach.
The Swiss platform for digital payment – SwissWallet – addresses some of the banks’ challenges.
Digital transformation of the credit card and securing the interfaces to the customer are its most important goals.
The requirement for this are a better user experience with the same security level maintainable costs and more autonomy for the Swiss market.
The credo of the presenters: “The digital currency is called trust”.
To the presentation on Slideshare.
Digital PostFinance Card - Contactless payment with PostFinance App.
Mobile 21 November 2016.
Contactless payment with PostFinance App.
With the e-banking App by PostFinance the user can now choose the contactless payment option via NFC at the cash register.
The amount is paid easily and securely with the Android smartphone.
For contactless payments with the Android smartphone the user does not need an additional app.
We integrated the module directly into the existing.
PostFinance mobile app.
The PostFinance customers can use the functionality since the beginning of November.
Download PostFinance mobile app.
Celebrating our 20 years anniversary in UAE - 10 years of transforming the region into a digital hub.
Dubai.
Abu Dhabi 24 November 2016.
Celebrating our 20 years anniversary in UAE 10 years of transforming the region into a digital hub.
At the end of November we celebrated our 20 year anniversary at our location in Dubai United Arab Emirates.
In addition we also celebrated our presence in the Middle East: we have been advancing the digital transformation of the region for 10 years now.
A delicious dinner games and bands made the evening unforgettable.
We also want to give something back and donated to.
Dubai Cares a philanthropic organization working to improve children’s’ access to quality primary education in developing countries.
Great location in Dubai center.
Exchange in a great atmosphere.
Entertaining games....
with happy winners.
Music from Netcetera founders!
Our Managing Director Middle East answers your questions.
Kiril Milev.
Managing Director Middle East +971 4 445 69 82 / +971 4 445 69 83.
Dubai United Arab Emirates.
Dubai Internet City (DIC).
Building 3 Office 128.
PO Box 500281.
Media Release: Middle East digital transformation on rapid pace.
By 2025 the region is estimated to have 160 million potential digital users.
The Middle East’s digital industry is currently enjoying continuous growth fuelled by increased enthusiasm from consumers who are ready to quickly embrace new digital offerings thus transforming the region into a potential digital hub.
By 2025 the Middle East is estimated to have 160 million potential digital users that will largely contribute to rapid economic growth as more countries in the region with higher GDP are able to spend more on digital adoption.
Andrej Vckovski CEO of Netcetera a Swiss-based software company specialized in software products and custom solutions said that the readiness of the UAE population to adopt new technology and the capacity of government leaders and organisations to spend on technology will position the Middle East into a rapid digital transformation.
A recent report published by the Global Manufacturing and Industrialisation Summit (GMIS) and conducted by PwC noted that digital transformation could generate US$16.9 billion in extra revenue each year for companies in the Middle East from 2017 to 2021 as well as a further US$17.3 billion in annual cost savings and efficiency gains.
“The last decade saw the accelerated pace of technology in the region.
The business environment and steady growth of the UAE economy were perfect for Netcetera to establish presence in the region and it has been a very good business decision.
After an initial phase driven mainly by technology with our clear industry focus we have established a strong position also in the vertical markets.
Today our strong industry-knowledge is combined with our ability to successfully master technical challenges in the digital age,” added Vckovski.
Netcetera was established in Switzerland in 1996 and expanded into the Middle East in 2006 after seeing the high level of digitization in the region.
As expert for payment security and convenience future mobility and digitalization the company’s solid base of customers include the banking healthcare transport media insurance and the energy industry.
The company excels at providing custom solutions for large-scale projects.
The team oversees the entire life cycle of a company’s IT system: from strategy to software development and operation.
“Inquisitiveness and curiosity that go far beyond the IT department are hallmarks of our employees.
This makes it easy for them to be up to date genuinely understand clients’ needs and efficiently translate them into forward-looking useful applications,” said Vckovski.
“Through thorough planning we ensure that the solution is perfectly suited to the business environment and forms a solid foundation for future needs.
Further we take on project risks via fix price models or agree on individual financing models together with our customers.
We offer cost flexibility also with our established nearshore development model,” explained Vckovski.
A pioneer in digital transformation Netcetera’s unique mix of Swiss engineering quality and knowledge of the local market contributed to the success of the company which is now planning to expand in other region.
“The experience Netcetera gained in the Middle East helped us grow in the other regions and advance the company in a way that would not have been possible without it.
We are proud that we gained the trust of our customers and established ourselves as relevant partners in the respective markets.”.
Netcetera is proud to offer a wide range of digital solutions for example the timetable planning software for SBB the first mobile payment app the trouble management system ESISplus for ewz the live voting tool DirectPoll or the e-wallet Tellwa.
Impressions from the party in Zurich 14 July 2016 inHealth digital platform.
Support of Emirates healthcare system 30 July 2014 15 years and opening party in Macedonia.
Leading credit card processor PLUSCARD chooses Netcetera - Leading credit card processor PLUSCARD chooses us.
Media release 12 December 2016.
Leading credit card processor PLUSCARD chooses Netcetera.
Highly secure app-based solution makes online shopping convenient and secure.
We have implemented our 3DS DYN product for the German credit card processor PLUSCARD including dynamic authentication and the integrated app from its technology partner Entersekt.
Card users can now confirm their payments with a quick click in the app.
Insecure passwords and sending expensive text messages are a thing of the past.
We make online shopping more customer-friendly and simpler than ever before.
Thanks to this innovative app-based solution PLUSCARD now has the most advanced and secure system for online payments currently available in the market.
PLUSCARD the leading German credit card processor provides comprehensive services for banks and savings banks involving Mastercard and Visa credit cards.
Altogether PLUSCARD manages over 2.5 million cards in full-processing from more than 150 financial institutions in Germany.
With the successful introduction of our forward-looking 3DS DYN product.
PLUSCARD has significantly increased its users' ease of use for online card payments.
At the same time the processing company benefits from the best possible level of online payment security with this intuitive app-based solution.
What is more no purchases are lost or cancelled delivering excellent online transaction reliability.
3DS DYN protects against credit card abuse.
The number of cases of credit and debit card fraud is growing steadily.
In addition to actual credit card theft credit card details are also increasingly being stolen and abused using electronic methods.
Card issuers and banks therefore need to upgrade their security measures.
For online payments the 3-D Secure (3DS) standard delivers enhanced security.
3DS is widely known as Verified by Visa, and „Mastercard® SecureCode™“.
Our extensively proven 3DS DYN solution which is now used by PLUSCARD is based on this standard and authenticates card owners for online transactions using an app as an independent channel.
The user receives a push notification on his or her mobile device with the transaction data.
Then just a quick tap on a button is enough to confirm the payment.
Online shopping has never been so fast and so secure.
To implement this extremely secure yet very user-friendly two channel authentication we use the Transakt app from Entersekt.
For the Sparkassen credit cards the app S-ID-Check was implemented.
This app is customized and branded based on the Transakt app.
Entersekt is a world leader in authentication and mobile app security.
As an Entersekt preferred supplier for Europe we have made the Transakt app available to its customers since July 2016.
Since August 2015 PLUSCARD has been operating its credit card portfolio over our multi-business 3DS system.
This is operated our data centre in Switzerland that fulfils Visa’s and Mastercard's strictest security requirements.
In addition the entire system is certified under PCI DSS.
After successfully migrating our credit card portfolio to Netcetera's 3DS environment we also placed this major security-critical project into Netcetera’s hands.
The right choice for us as Netcetera has once again proved that they have notable experience in the area of 3-D Secure, explains Michael Klein General Manager and Business Unit Manager Operation PLUSCARD Service-Gesellschaft für Kreditkarten-Processing mbH.
Andrej Vckovski our CEO adds: We secure online purchases for 12 million users daily.
In doing so we always ensure that our customers have the best protection combined with a unique user experience.
To do this we rely on the most up-to-date technologies to make online payments as secure and simple as possible.
Schalk Nolte CEO of Entersekt comments: “Transakt has proved highly attractive to financial institutions affected by recent and impending regulatory changes in Europe.
It helps issuers and other organizations meet their compliance obligations while making life easier for their customers.
We are proud to work with Netcetera on this and other exciting projects.
Through our collaboration companies like PLUSCARD can launch user-friendly engaging new services without exposing their customers to additional risk.”.
In Netcetera customers have a skilled partner with many years of experience in the 3-D Secure environment through all the phases of a project.
We supports card issuers and banks with comprehensive expert advice in the planning of the introduction of 3-D Secure or in authentication based on the 3DS DYN solution.
Users are being notified of a payment and confirm with only one klick.
Identity check is being made via smartphone.
If there is no data connection there are also other possibilities to confirm payments.
The home screen before registering a credit card.
The authentification screen.
Article on this topic in cards (in German) sicherheit-beim-online-shopping-feb-2017.pdf.
Size: 374.9 KB.
Partnership with Entersekt.
We are safeguarding online payments 26 July 2016.
VisecaOne credit card app turns one year old - 500,000 registered users and two awards.
Mobile 12 December 2016.
VisecaOne credit card app turns one year old 500,000 registered users and two awards.
Just in time for its first anniversary the 500,000 registered users of the VisecaOne app from the Aduno Group have made it the most widely used credit card app in Switzerland.
The app which was developed by us and Nothing Interactive simplifies the digital lives of users.
The jury of the Best of Swiss App Awards also honored VisecaOne in November 2016 with two awards.
The app won the highest award among all financial apps submitted.
One year after the launch of VisecaOne 500,000 users have already registered for it.
We have developed additional new features for the third release in December 2016 making the digital lives of users even easier.
The app also impressed the jury for the Best of Swiss App Award and was the only financial app to win a silver award in the “Functionality” category and a bronze award in the “Business” category.
The jury's verdict: “VisecaOne allows credit card relations to be managed on a mobile basis and allows transactions to be confirmed with the app instead of with a password.
The app features very good usability a clean layout and visibility of only relevant information.
If you have a Viseca credit card you cannot do without this app.”.
Users also confirm its high market relevance: Since its launch VisecaOne has been ranked number 1 in the “Free finance” category in the Apple App Store and Google Play Store for 46 of 52 weeks.
The rankings are based on the download figures which illustrate the popularity of an app.
User-friendly and secure.
With the free VisecaOne digital service users have 24/7 access to all important information pertaining to their card.
They can view card details such as insurance services manage their personal settings or keep track of ongoing expenses in real time.
In addition online payments that require the 3-D Secure Standard can be easily managed and confirmed via the app or SMS code.
We implemented additional features for the third release of the app at the beginning of December 2016 eg for the Apple watch app.
With intuitive animation the user can see the total expenditures for the credit card and the credit still available directly on their watch.
Payment and login requests can also be confirmed quickly and securely directly in the push notification message on the watch or on the lock screen of the mobile device.
Viseca Card Services SA issues the credit cards and prepaid cards for the Raiffeisen Gruppe all cantonal banks the Migros Bank Bank Coop regional banks and private and commercial banks.
With the VisecaOne app for Apple Watch you have all the important information about your cards at your fingertips – a simple intuitive overview of your spending per card plus quick secure confirmation of the two-factor authentication requests via push notification and transaction notifications in real time.
All the important information relating to your card is available at a glance.
Confirmation requests provide an additional level of security (second factor) for all actions outside the app.
VisecaOne in action.
Friedemann Bürgel.
Branch Manager Bern +41 31 740 75 50.
Toward natural conversation with devices - Behind-the-scenes look.
User Experience.
Sparks Blog 05 May 2017.
Behind-the-scenes look.
At the beginning of 2017 we presented our initial prototype based on SiriKit.
These first steps showed on the one hand current technological limitations but on the other hand the enormous potential of conversational interfaces.
In order to overcome limitations of SiriKit this time we used Android as the platform for an additional prototype.
In this article we provide a glimpse behind the scenes and share our experience with its development.
We are convinced that in addition to touch and text speech interfaces will play an increasingly important role as an input channel.
The latest developments in speech-to-text platforms for processing natural language and software with cognitive abilities are very helpful to us.
One reason for this rapid development is the fact that user data forms the essential foundation for the existing business models of many companies.
At the same time speech interfaces create new business areas thus forcing companies to act in order to avoid getting left behind when customer behavior evolves due to increased prevalence of speech interfaces.
During development of the timetable app based on iOS /.
SiriKit we determined that SiriKit currently supports only a very limited number of domains and that the speech interface itself is very limited.
So we decided to develop a second version of the timetable app based on Android.
Our experience and results are described in the following sections.
As you can see in the video with this second prototype we have taken a big step forward:
Behind-the-scenes.
The speech-based timetable app is essentially comprised of four components.
The first component is the mobile app itself which is installed on the smartphone and interacts with the user.
The mobile app is responsible for speech recognition and for answering user questions or displaying results in our case timetable information.
The language is transcribed using.
Google’s Speech API .
Android's TextToSpeech takes care of answering.
The actual analysis of the query to determine departure and arrival locations for example from the transcribed sentence When is the next train from Zurich to Bern? is not done by the mobile app itself but rather by a second component that runs completely in the cloud.
For this second component we are currently using Google's platform.
API.AI .
There are several other platforms that offer similar functionality such as.
Watson from IBM or.
LUIS by Microsoft.
Within API.AI one defines a so-called agent which takes charge of analyzing the transcribed text which means identifying the different entities - railway stops in our case.
The agent can be trained to identify entities in a variety of different natural sentences.
This makes it possible not only to correctly recognize from Bern to Zurich but also more complex sentences such as Hello I have to be in Zurich by 7 p.m.
When do I need to catch the train in Bern? The user shouldn't feel forced to adapt to the device.
The goal is to facilitate a conversation with the smartphone that is as natural as possible.
Once we have determined the departure and arrival locations we are ready to search for corresponding timetable information.
We use.
Opendata Transport yet another component for this purpose.
Since API.AI and Opendata Transport cannot communicate with each other directly we have introduced a third component as a middle layer between API.AI and Opendata Transport.
This third component is a Java-based web application we developed ourselves that also operates in the cloud.
In the beginning our web application was only responsible for mapping between API.AI and Opendata Transport and generating answers that were as natural as possible in text form.
It now stores the conversations and supplies additional context information.
As already mentioned Opendata Transport is the fourth component in our architecture that delivers the necessary routing or timetable information.
The use of Opendata Transport is interchangeable in our web application so that one could switch to an alternate provider for timetable information if necessary.
Speech recognition and text-to-speech function at least partially without an Internet connection.
However an Internet connection is generally necessary for applications that interact with other providers/interfaces or rely on up-to-date information.
Next steps.
Development of platforms such as API.AI is advancing quickly and opening up new opportunities for interacting with the user via speech interfaces.
Even if speech interfaces never completely replace classic touch and text entry methods this and other prototypes show that speech-activated assistants can be a tangible and audible asset in various everyday situations and can dramatically enhance the user experience.
But convenience isn't the only factor improving acceptance.
Another important factor is the possibility that a person could one day hold a natural conversation with a device.
In order to achieve this we want to improve in the following areas:
Simultaneous processing of multiple domains and the ability to deal with out of context phrases irrelevant to the query at hand.
Support for all languages and their dialects.
The device is always listening and easily recognizes if it is being addressed or is capable of making a contribution.
Recognition of and differentiation between multiple speakers.
A natural conversation is much more than just a transcription of speech to text and its processing.
In future we want people to be able to communicate with their devices naturally.
We aren't there yet but we're well on our way.
Michael Wechner.
Senior Software Engineer +41 44 297 57 96.
UX best practices and predictions.
The future of prototyping and front-end up front 15 May 2019.
Recent UX blog posts.
Our architects are sharing their know-how 21 December 2018.
Integrate User Experience.
Practical examples from software development 01 February 2018.
New horizons in vocational training.
AR showcase for Bühler 17 November 2017.
High-class vocational training.
Augmented reality opens up new horizons 14 September 2017.
Plundering islands in your living room.
Mixed Reality 3D action game 18 July 2017.
Discovering extended reality.
User interactions in augmented mixed & virtual reality 11 July 2017.
Hackathon for a better city - Our expert coaching at first Make Zurich.
Skopje 16 January 2017.
Our expert coaching at first Make Zurich.
Make Zurich is the first civic tech and LoRaWAN hackathon for a better city of Zurich from 3 - 4 February.
It brings together the local hacker/maker community and the city administration to explore new ways of solving the problems of Zurich with the help of open networks and civic technology.
Make Zurich poses seven exciting challenges with the real needs of different departments of the City of Zurich that can be solved with.
LoRaWAN and civic tech .
We support the event with expertise: Panche Chavkovski is going to be the on-site mentor and coach for the environmental exploration challenge.
He brings in his knowledge on IoT device prototyping gained in building a LoRaWAN infrastructure in Skopje and a city-wide IoT installation.
How conversational interfaces help us in the future - Talk to your computer just as to a person.
Sparks Blog 23 January 2017.
How conversational interfaces help us in the future.
Talk to your computer just as to a person.
Conversational interfaces will improve the usability and convenience for regular users to interact with phones and computers.
While for all major tech companies it means more data to do business with the media welcome conversational interfaces as another hype to write about.
We have developed a mobile routing app prototype which allows users to find train connections easily.
By doing so we learned about the current state of conversational interfaces and how such interfaces will change our interaction with phones and computers in the future.
A conversational interface is a user interface which allows a human to talk to a computer or phone just as a human would talk to another human.
No more clicking on icons or entering specific commands.
Booking a taxi to the airport will be as easy as saying to your phone I need a taxi to the airport because my flight to London is departing at 5pm in the afternoon .
Just as a human assistant the phone will make a recommendation when and where the taxi will pick you up so that you will catch your flight safely.
When you confirm the proposal the phone will book the ride and keep you posted.
Or when you run out of milk you will say to your phone We need some more milk and the phone will add milk to your electronic grocery list automatically.
Or when you have stomach ache you can write and discuss your pain with an artificial medical assistant: “I’ve had cramps since yesterday evening”.
The artificial intelligence based medical assistant will ask questions in order to gather your symptoms.
There are currently two main types of conversational interfaces: the voice assistants which you talk to for example Apple's Siri and the chatbots which you type to for example Facebook's M/Chatbot.
For various reasons all major tech companies have recognized the potential of voice recognition chatbots and artificial intelligence.
Apple has Siri Mircosoft has Cortana Facebook has M Amazon has Echo/Alexa Google has Ok Google and Samsung just recently acquired Viv.
We have developed a mobile routing app prototype integrated with Apple’s Siri which allows users to find train connections easily by saying for example “Hey Siri when is the next train to Zürich?” Processing such a simple question has many challenges.
First of all natural language processing needs to be applied in order to understand what the user has said.
Depending on what language the user is using Siri sometimes understands the destination/location “Zürich” correctly and sometimes it understands it as “Missouri”.
Once Siri has transcribed the sentence correctly Siri needs to understand the meaning of the sentence.
In this case that the user wants to take a train in order to travel to Zürich and that the user is asking for a timetable.
Apple’s SiriKit currently does not support such a “timetable” domain but it supports the so called “Ride booking” domain.
We have contacted Apple in order to introduce a “timetable” domain for public transportation.
For the moment however we continued our prototype by using the “Ride booking” domain.
This means that we have to rephrase our timetable question as follows “Hey Siri book me a ride to Zürich”.
Because of the words “book” and “ride” Siri is able to map this request to the “Ride booking” domain which requires various input parameters such as “Pickup location” and “Drop-off location”.
Because in our sentence we did not specify the pickup location we will assume the current geolocation of the user as pickup location.
We also didn’t say what mobile app to use in order to actually book the ride.
Therefore Siri will ask what app we want to use or we can help Siri by saying “Hey Siri book me a ride to Zürich with TrainApp”.
As soon as Siri has gathered all domain specific information from the user Siri will forward the information as parameters to our mobile app.
This finally allows us to check when the next train will depart to Zürich.
There are many more challenges as you can imagine but it hopefully gives you an idea of the complexity of the seemingly simple question “When is the next train to Zürich?”.
Integrating conversational interfaces is fascinating and challenging and we are excited to be part of this development.
Conversational interfaces might not work perfectly yet but just as a child takes many years to learn to walk and speak we will learn how to develop and use conversational interfaces over the coming years.
As an experienced integrator we are taking a lead in developing conversational interface based solutions integrating third-party voice assistants with new and existing clients and backend applications.
We are developing mobile apps and backend applications using conversational interfaces for various industries such as public transportation payment and retail.
A very important topic regarding conversational conversations is privacy.
We take privacy very seriously and therefore provide solutions where conversations between humans and computers/phones are kept within premises.
Search travel connection.
Recommended itinerary.
Study on Conversational Interfaces.
Application potentials and examples for CI 03 April 2018.
We acquired mobile payment specialist Nexperts - Together we want to revolutionize the digital payment market.
Hagenberg 30 January 2017.
We acquired mobile payment specialist Nexperts.
Together we want to revolutionize the digital payment market with comprehensive solutions.
We have acquired Nexperts with headquarters in Hagenberg Austria effective immediately.
With this merger we will join to become the leading European provider of digital payment solutions.
Nexperts’ expertise in NFC and mobile payment complements our offering in this area.
We have acquired a 100% stake in.
Nexperts GmbH effective immediately complementing its offering in the payment area with the wallet mobile payment and NFC expertise from Nexperts.
This results in a combined offering to banks and card issuers for digital payment solutions supporting all credit and debit card standards.
With this merger we combine our resources and strengthen our local presence in the German-speaking countries with this location for development and sales in Austria.
Comprehensive digital payment solutions.
Already today more than 12 million card holders use our solutions for secure shopping on the Web.
With the acquisition of Nexperts we are now offering an integrated comprehensive solution for digital payments including payment with smart phones at the point of sale.
“Together we can revolutionize the NFC-based mobile payment market.
By merging both companies' expertise we offer an integrated independent solution for digital payment with all card standards that includes not only mobile payment but also in-app payment and online payment.
This makes us the provider with the widest range of building blocks for card issuers, explains Dr Andrej Vckovski our CEO.
Kurt Schmid CEO and founder of Nexperts will lead the new Digital Payment business.
He is convinced “that the mutual potential of both companies allows us to offer banks and retailers a one-stop solution for all areas and requirements related to mobile payments – for sure the most attractive offering on the digital payment market.”.
Customers also react positively to this merger.
Dr Heimo Hackel CEO of Austrians largest full-service card provider card complete says “We value the innovative power and technological expertise of Nexperts.
These characteristics will now be paired with Netcetera's strengths in the development and operations of these solutions with a greater corporate infrastructure and with existing certifications from card issuers which is an important factor for a bank.”.
The issuers Aduno Group and Swisscard together with Netcetera have founded SwissWallet a platform for digital payments in Switzerland.
Roland Zwyssig CMO of Aduno Group says “Nexperts already contribute their experience in the area of mobile payments to the targeted development of SwissWallet.
This merger of Netcetera and Nexperts strengthens the focus and increases the clout of both companies as important and versatile players on the payment market.”.
Dr Thomas Fromherz our Head of Payment & Card Services says “Banks and card issuers benefit from a comprehensive offering that complies with all security standards reduces card misuse and encompasses all digital payment options like contactless in-app online etc.” These solutions will further converge in the medium term and payment by smartphone with wearables and with consumer devices such as automobiles will become the standard.
For this reason an integrated offering from one source gives card issuers a great advantage.
Mobile payment gains ground.
New payment systems for mobile devices will revolutionize e-commerce and card presence business in the coming years.
Banks and retailers cooperate with the manufacturers of innovative payment solutions in order to offer their customers new functions and added value.
This includes paying with smartphones using NFC at retail locations payments in online stores and accepting payments on mobile devices.
Consumers use digital wallets not only to make payments easily and securely but also to get an overview of transactions and benefit from value-added functions.
Nexperts has been active in the payment area since 2007 and has successfully completed numerous NFC-payment projects based on MasterCard and VISA standards.
With solutions for 3-D Secure and Masterpass we have been able to expand our customer base in the area of e-commerce payment to now include more than 12 million credit cards in a service model for card issuers.
We have been working together with Nexperts successfully for the past three years on solutions for token-based mobile payments.
Contact.
Kurt Schmid.
Country Director Austria +43 720 569 701.
Linz Austria.
Europaplatz 4 4020 Linz.
Austria.
Linz.
A better city with SkopjePulse & IoT - Environmental Sustainable Development platform.
Internet of Things.
Sparks Blog.
Skopje 03 February 2017.
Towards a better city with SkopjePulse and IoT.
Exploring IoT and creating an Environmental Sustainable Development platform with SkopjePulse.
As part of our efforts to take a deep dive in the Internet of Things (IoT) world we implemented and launched SkopjePulse.mk an Environmental Sustainable Development solution based on our own IoT platform.
Skopje has been struggling with several environmental problems in the last few years like occasional flooding excessive noise traffic congestions and especially air pollution which gets worse every winter.
Besides some measuring done by official government sensor stations none of these issues are handled properly.
We at Netcetera believe that by using technology and leveraging the recent trends like IoT data analysis and machine learning a lot more insights can be gained and some of the problems can be solved.
Having this in mind in addition to our wish to gain more expertise inside Netcetera in these fields we started with the idea of implementing.
SkopjePulse.
SkopjePulse is an IoT platform and an Envornmental Sustainable Development solution.
It gathers all the environmental data provided by a LoRaWAN sensor installation and other third-party sources visualizes the generated information and applies statistics and learning methods like correlation extraction and time-series prediction.
The final goal of SkopjePulse is to serve as a monitoring portal a credible source for tackling city environmental issues and an early warning system.
SkopjePulse air quality view.
SkopjePulse Dashboard.
One key goal in the project is to involve the community.
Besides just being the consumer of the final solution they can also participate.
All the data collected by the SkopjePulse network and other sources are treated as open data and can be consumed via an API.
Everyone can use the data make their own solutions or even integrate them with the core SkopjePulse system.
LoRaWAN as key IoT enabler.
One of the reasons for the rapid ascension of IoT is the advancement in the communication protocols.
In this field LoRaWAN opened up a broad new spectrum of possibilities allowing low powered devices to communicate at great distances.
The entire infrastructure is non-invasive runs on open frequencies and is completely end-to-end secure.
In Skopje we installed three LoRaWAN gateways and connected them to the global community driven IoT network -.
TheThingsNetwork (TTN) .
The Skopje community of the TheThingsNetwork is up and running and we are the core partner.
Our plan is to expand the network even more to cover the entire city and to spread to some other cities as well.
TheThingsNetwork provides a complete LoRaWAN infrastructure which handles the entire communication routing security and data delivery at the end.
One of its core principles is is being open free to use and community driven meaning that everyone can extend it and everyone can use it.
Due of this we are already in the process of collaborating with the local universities other companies and communities and trying to make the technology more popular or more used.
An interview about SkopjePulse in an AWS video of the serie This is my architecture.
Whole-stack solution.
TTN provides the LoRaWAN infrastructure and hands us the data while we had to fill in all the other puzzle pieces.
The core of the system is the Netcetera IoT Platform.
Comprised of several pieces it brings connectivity of the various data sources scalable data storage data analytics interactive visualizations and finally the significance of all the data collected.
Some of the notable features are: constructed as a set of containerized building blocks easily scalable efficient and robust.
Apache Cassandra as data storage ready for massive data handling and distribution multiple interfaces for data collection and dispatching: HTTP(s) CoAP MQTT.
adapters for different LoRaWAN providers such as TheThingsnetwork and Swisscom building blocks for easy integration with third party data sources complete web interface for device administration user management logging system status and usage data analytics plugins for easy statistics extracting correlations and time-series prediction interactive visualizations.
SkopjePulse is a super set of features and frontend built on top of the platform.
The other major pieces of the solution are the actual devices.
For the initial needs we focused on getting environmental data for ambient particulate matter in the air (PM2.5 and PM10) temperature humidity and relative noise.
In order to achieve this we made a small batch of custom devices as we embarked on a new challenge for us: hardware and industrial design with embedded development.
The latest sensor on tour in Zürich for the MakeZurich hackaton in February 2017.
The devices we made are comprised of easy to get components and use the Microchip RN2483 as LoRaWAN module.
To bring everything together we designed a custom PCB from which we had several pieces manufactured in a professional facility and implemented the embedded code with the help of some open-source libraries.
Last but not least all the devices are packed in custom stylish 3D printed enclosures ready for wall mount.
Rough start but a bright future.
Currently SkopjePulse is live but still an early beta phase with some missing features.
Our current focus is to activate more sensors throughout the city and expand the network.
The road up to here was rough having in mind all the new emerging technologies and the still developing standards libraries practices and communities around the world.
There were a lot of experiments both successes and failures a lot of new stuff to learn and the occasional hardware dirty-work.
We had the chance to be one of the first companies in the area to implement a complete LoRaWAN IoT solution and we are happy that it is a success.
SkopjePulse is intended to be an evolving platform as we hope to get great reception from the community ideas for improvement and new features and of course actual results to make Skopje a better place to live.
Talk to our expert and author of this story.
Pance Cavkovski.
Senior Software Engineer +389 2 315 4459.
Skopje Macedonia.
Partizanski Odredi 72a 1000 Skopje.
Software Architecture.
Java.
How conversational interfaces help us.
Talk to your computer just as to a person 23 January 2017.
Co-creating the future of our cities.
Our new crowdsourcing IoT platform pulse.eco is live 21 December 2018.
When things start to pay themselves.
Statements by our expert Michael Seifert 12 December 2017.
Meet us at Swiss job fairs - Where to find us.
Vaduz 06 February 2017.
Where to find us.
Want to get to know us? You can meet us at the following Swiss job fairs in spring 2017.
March 4:
ETH Kontaktparty (booth A17) in Zurich.
April 5:
NTB Stellenbörsetag in Buchs SG.
April 7.
Sprungbrett event at Netcetera offices in Bern.
April 26:
HSR-Stellenbörse in Rapperswil.
We are looking forward to seeing you there!
Our open jobs.
HoloLens use cases in neurosurgery - Successful prototype with the University Hospital of Berne.
HoloLens 16 February 2017.
HoloLens use cases in neurosurgery.
Successful prototype with the University Hospital of Berne.
Professor Raabe's team from the University Clinic for neurosurgery at the University Hospital of Berne has worked with us to test new mixed reality applications in neurosurgery.
One thing is already clear: The augmented reality approach provides better planning for surgical interventions.
A first specific field of application is the visualization of scan results and the corresponding planning of operations.
Existing CT and MRI scans of patients and data from neuro-navigation can be divided into their component segments colored and visualized life-size in 3D.
The spatial representation makes the situation more understandable and helps the surgeon in planning the operation.
To this end we've developed an easy-to-use and intuitive app.
The app runs directly on the HoloLens no other devices are needed.
The doctor loads the patient data directly into the HoloLens from the neuro-navigation system without further manual steps.
The patient is selected using a menu in the HoloLens then the scans are loaded directly into the glasses and visualized in 3D space.
Various segments such as the head blood vessel and individual areas of the brain are marked with colors and can be displayed or hidden.
Segments can be resized and moved with gestures and voice commands.
Choosing the patient.
Choosing the scan.
Insight into the brain thanks to the 3D visualisation.
At the beginning of the project the situation was not clear.
For example we didn't know whether the HoloLens is adequate for such complex models and whether the hospital's 3D data could even be used for this purpose.
We quickly proofed that the performance of the HoloLens delivers true added value together with the development tools and the existing data.
The solution is still in the prototype phase and not in medical use.
In our opinion such use is only a matter of time.
We have already identified additional areas of application with further potential and included them in the planning.
Looking inside the brain of a patient.
In order to augment your business visit our microsite on Augmented Reality.
Talk to our expert & author of this article.
Azure Spatial Anchors.
Augmented Reality Experience for allthisfuture 06 December 2019.
Augmented Reality visualization.
PTC Vuforia Studio Experience for Bühler 01 November 2019.
The digital future of emergency services work begins today 30 October 2018.
Why we invest in Augmented Reality.
Interview with our Head of AR 28 September 2018.
AR makes underground space visible.
Augment IT supports Future Cities Laboratory (FCL) 22 June 2018.
Dean Wake debut album „Up North“ - Netcetera Cultura supports band of employees.
Cultura.
Bern 20 February 2017.
Netcetera Cultura supports band of employees.
Rock in all its facets with folk and pop elements: that’s Dean Wake the band with two of our employees.
Since we also support our employees beyond their work life where possible we contributed to the production of their debut album “Up North” with Netcetera Cultura.
Dean Wake debut album was released online produced by the band themselves.
You can listen in on.
Spotify iTunes.
Google Play and Soundcloud .
The physical CD is also in production.
It will distributed at concerts.
Dean Wake are:
Thomas Junker (Vocals Guitar).
Matthias Junker (Guitar).
Roland Weiss (Bass), Janosch Lehmann (Drum).
For three years the four musicians have been playing in this composition.
They write all their songs themselves.
The singer Tom comes up with the basic structure and texts the other three musicians contribute the instrumental melodies.
The band photo was taken by Thomas Baumann also a Netcetera employee (you find his portfolio on his website.
Recording of „Dead End“ at their own studio:
Basement session “On The Run”:
The missing manual for understanding managers - Our CTO Corsin Decurtins’ tips.
Requirements Engineering.
Project Management 15 March 2017.
The missing manual for understanding managers.
Our CTO Corsin Decurtins’ tips for software engineers.
Cynical people might say that managers do not do any real work and only complicate projects.
But they do have a role and a really good manager is worth his weight in gold.
Doubtlessly managers are a different breed of animals than software engineers they speak a different language and they care about different things.
Get to know how managers tick and what they care about.
Learn to identify good and bad managers.
Corsin Decurtins’ presentation he held at.
JavaSkop 2017 conference in Macedonia will help software engineers to: get them out of your hair so that any real work can be done.
leverage their skills and expertise.
collaborate with them to deliver the best possible project.
To the presentation on slideshare.
Article of our expert 02 March 2015.
Technology selection is critical «In The Code» article by our CTO 09 July 2019.
Agile development still holds enormous untapped potential - Interview with our CEO in Netzwoche.
CEO 22 March 2017.
Agile development still holds enormous untapped potential.
Interview with our CEO.
Andrej Vckovski our CEO and President of simsa understands the needs of agencies and customers.
He speaks to Netzwoche about the challenges that will be keeping web developers on their toes this year.
What do you see as being the 3 hottest technology trends for developers and why?
Andrej Vckovski: Machine learning reactive systems and containers.
A lot has happened with machine learning in the last few months both technically and in terms of design.
There are new tools APIs and new generations of frameworks like Tensorflow.
Developers now need to analyze what contribution machine learning can bring to projects and customers.
Reactive systems involve technologies and architecture patterns that enable message-oriented systems.
They are particularly robust interactive and reliable.
Components like these are now also being integrated into mainstream frameworks.
In the area of infrastructure containers are a growing trend.
What role do container technologies play in web development?
Progress is being made on making infrastructure virtual and more flexible and this offers software teams scalable and resilient deployment models.
But to be able to make the best use of this we also need corresponding architectures and development tools.
Containers also perfectly support new architecture patterns such as micro-services.
They can also increase the level of automation and reproducibility in software-defined architectures.
What are the biggest challenges for developers in 2017?
Andrej Vckovski: New technologies are one of the biggest challenges at the moment.
The software scene is very active and developers have to deal with numerous new trends.
Javascript in particular is a highly active area – almost hyperactive you could say.
New frameworks libraries and tools are springing up all over the place ideas are being adopted from functio­nal programming and reactive systems and the entire technical landscape is changing rapidly.
Trends such as machine learning the Internet of Things and architecture models like microservices containers and serverless platforms also play a role.
Developers face the challenge of identifying key topics within this mass of trends while also staying up to date and ensuring they don't fall behind technologically.
Are there enough good web developers in Switzerland?
The only real answer to that is ‘no’.
We have plenty of web developers many of them very ­talented.
But talent is something you can never have enough of.
Web technologies are being implemented increasingly broadly.
Issues that used to be solved on servers are now sneaking into the front end.
Browsers are turning into increasingly powerful application platforms while web technologies are being used for hybrid mobile apps or fat clients.
In this environment the need for good web dev­elopers is greater than ever.
What qualifications are particularly valuable for the industry?
We need developers with a solid conceptual background.
Specific programming languages and technologies are less important than concepts paradigms and the ability to get to grips with new technical and specialist topics.
Good developers also need strong non-technical skills.
Software development doesn’t stand alone as a discipline: effective collaboration with business and domain specialists user experience experts and designers is a key requirement for successful and sustainable software.
What kind of training should today’s developers be undertaking?
Developers with T-shaped skills are now more important than ever before.
Developers need a broad knowledge base that includes both technical and non-technical skills as well as deeper expertise in their particular areas of specialization.
It’s also important for developers to concern themselves with new technologies­ and trends: for example most developers are only familiar with the issue of machine learning from their studies if at all but this topic will become significantly more important in future and developers need to be prepared.
What comes after Agile and Scrum?
I don’t think we're finished with Agile and Scrum yet.
Agile software development may be an established part of many software companies and clients but it still holds enormous untapped potential for many projects and companies.
If agile development is to fulfill this potential it needs to be integrated into a suitable environment where the rest of the company is also agile and lean – it’s the only way to truly benefit from the advantages of agile development.
How have customer requirements changed over the last few years in relation to web projects?
Web technologies and using a browser as an application platform have gone through an enormous development over the last few years.
That has also involved a lot of new requirements for developers.
Customer and user requirements have also increased together with the new technologies.
Furthermore there has been major progress in the areas of user experience interaction design and web design.
Modern web interfaces today look completely different from how they looked just a few years ago.
Customer requirements and expectations have also increased significantly here.
Today it is no longer enough by any means for a web project to simply cover the required functionality.
Applications must be performant intuitive simple to use easy to follow flexible and scalable.
And systems are becoming ever more business critical.
This means that the demands are also rising in terms of availability and security.
How much demand is there in the industry for intelligent bots?
Demand is growing.
The topic is very much in the news and is getting attention in the mainstream media.
That is why a growing number of customers ask for them.
This is certainly still very much in its infancy however.
I assume that demand and supply will grow sharply in this area over the next few months and years.
How popular in fact are cross-platform tools such as Xamarin and Phonegap among developers?
Phonegap has gained firm footing in this area over the last several years.
Alongside this new generation tools such as Xamarin React Native or Nativescript have come along promising a lot.
On the one hand these tools promise greater efficiency in creating applications for multiple platforms.
In some cases they can actually deliver on these promises.
On the other hand cross-platform tools are also interesting because they allow developers with more classic profiles to transfer to new target platforms.
Xamarin for example is very attractive for C# developers.
And web developers can build mobile apps or fat clients through the use of React Native Nativescript or Electron.
How widespread is artificial intelligence in the development of apps and websites?
Artificial intelligence is not involved in the development of apps and websites.
In this area the industry still backs natural intelligence 100 per cent.
However artificial intelligence is very much a topic as a component of apps and websites.
So far it is has been mainly the big players such as Google Microsoft or Amazon who are betting on AI and machine learning.
However new generations of tools algorithms and cloud services are now making it possible to insert AI and machine learning into smaller projects.
That will be one of the major challenges for the next few years.
What role does the Internet of Things play in web development?
The limits of the classic web became softer and more flexible a long time ago.
Web technologies are used in the area of integration namely REST APIs.
Mobile applications or fat clients can also be built based on web technologies.
Hybrid apps and Electron immediately spring to mind.
Using web technologies for IoT projects too is just one logical step further.
Is virtual reality already on the table?
Virtual reality is very much on the table and the outlook is very promising.
But I see the greatest potential for a mass application in augmented reality.
There has also been major progress here from a technological point of view.
There are a few hot projects in this area but the major breakthrough has yet to come.
How big a role does the European General Data Protection Regulation play?
The European Regulation on data protection and the current hearings in Switzerland on a revision of the data protection law will certainly have quite a large effect on our customers.
On the one hand they extend the obligations of the data processor.
On the other hand penalties for abuse will become stiffer.
We need to make sure we keep things in proportion in the upcoming revision.
That is why we are actively involved in Simsa providing relevant input to the hearings.
Source: netzwoche.ch.
On this topic «We know exactly what companies need».
Interview with our CEO 07 October 2016.
Our CTO Corsin Decurtins’ tips 15 March 2017.
In the Code article.
There will be no next big programming language 07 July 2015.
Automatic configuration checks for CMS.
Presentation at Magnolia DevDays by our expert 28 December 2018.
Designing a better city with IoT - Daniel Eichhorn’s presentation at HSG.
Skopje 22 March 2017.
Senior Software Engineer Daniel Eichhorn’s presentation at HSG.
How can we help to solve environmental problems like air pollution occasional flooding or excessive noise with a solution based on an IoT platform? Daniel Eichhorn spoke about SkopjePulse a website that is based on our own IoT platform at the University of St.
Gallen (HSG) to students of Economy.
Everybody is talking about Internet of Things (IoT) but we wanted to actually do something.
We developed.
SkopjePulse an open IoT platform using TheThingsNetwork infrastructure to collect valuable data about air pollution noise temperature and humidity in the city of Skopje Macedonia.
Daniel explained at his guest lecture at HSG the basic components of IoT and also showed the challenges for doing IoT.
To the presentation of Slideshare.
Daniel Eichhorn.
Senior Software Engineer +41 44 297 59 17.
Meet us at events in Spring/Summer 2017 18 April 2017.
A revival of a venerable ship - thanks tomixed reality' - Hololens breathes new life into ship.
HoloLens 04 April 2017.
A revival of a venerable ship - thanks to mixed reality.
The Swiss Museum of Transport breathes new life into the venerable PS Rigi in a pilot project.
Together with the Museum we have developed a showcase that incorporates the venerable ship Rigi .
The result is an impressive demonstration of the potential of mixed reality solutions.
The combination of historical objects and state-of-the-art technology allows visitors to enjoy a realistic and exciting presentation of history.
The 160-year-old Rigi at the Swiss Museum of Transport is regarded as the oldest surviving flush-deck side-wheel paddle steamer in the world and is also the oldest surviving means of motorized transport in Switzerland.
Today only the hull remains to bear witness to its interesting and meaningful history.
A great deal of imagination is required to picture this paddleboat built in 1848 in its prime as a cargo steamer and later a pleasure cruiser (from 1863 onwards it carried passengers).
Thanks to HoloLens and mixed reality for the first time the Museum is now able to tell the story of this boat in visual episodes using the ship itself.
Mixed reality is a term that was introduced along with the Augmented Reality glasses HoloLens.
As its name suggests it is about more than simple “augmentation”.
It is an extension of the real world using three-dimensional objects and information of the spatial conditions.
Mixed reality allows museums to “tell” and visualize different stories based on the item itself.
This allows visitors to actually glimpse the past.
It is an impressive experience to stand in front of the great antique hull and seconds later to see what the boat looked like 160 100 or 80 years ago full-scale to the accompaniment of an acoustical backdrop from each era.
Even the interior of the boat can be viewed and is rendered accessible by animations – for instance one that shows the boat's propulsion method.
Further remarkable facts:
The size of the object works: this is probably one of the first use cases in the world involving HoloLens and a length of over thirty meters.
The display is accurate: overlaying the actual object with additional models (different generations) has been successfully implemented.
Never mind the weather (outdoor use): in sunshine and in rain we found ways to make the experience a reality without having to compromise.
We see this having great potential for an enhanced visitor experience in the museum.
Jacqueline Schleier Director of Digital Strategy at the Lucerne Museum of Transport confirms: “When I first saw thePS Rigi' in all its old splendor I was simply overwhelmed.
I realized immediately: this has great potential for the museum in the future and our visitors will be thrilled.”.
Hololens in neurosurgery.
Successful prototype with the University Hospital of Berne 16 February 2017.
Experience the future of augmented reality today 05 September 2016.
Challenges for older ICT professionals - Presentation of our CEO.
CEO 07 April 2017.
Presentation by our CEO.
In his talk at an event held by swissICT on 30 March 2017 Andrej Vckovski our CEO raised the question of whether it is possible for ICT professionals to pursue their careers until retirement age.
(Source:
Netzwoche.
Unlike the Swiss average the survey conducted by the regional employment centres (RAV) in 2013 showed that the rate of unemployed ICT professionals increases significantly after the age of 50.
To Andrej Vckovski however this does not provide sufficient evidence that older ICT professionals have been discriminated against.
While acknowledging that old age unemployment tends to be a problem he cautioned that he had been unable to detect signs of deliberate age discrimination .
Task falls on both employers and employees.
Doubtless it would be better to keep older ICT professionals working for as long as possible Andrej Vckovski continued.
That would be an important contribution towards combating the skilled labor shortage.
Most of all biases towards older employees would have to be addressed.
Opinions claiming that they are expensive difficult to manage or inflexible are widely held he added.
On the plus side those deficiencies are offset by their experience established industry networks and higher resilience and loyalty.
At the end of his talk Andrej Vckovski revealed that his magic formula is “continuing education” which requires further training on the job off the job through external providers along with a willingness to de-specialize .
With regard to the third item both employees and employers were advised to avoid the creation of knowledge silos.
They would harm both parties in the long term.
 Employers risk becoming dependent on individual experts and employees risk missing the boat when their areas of specialization are no longer in demand.
Employees should therefore include a mix of generalists and specialists.
This was a task to be jointly tackled by employees and employers.
Preserving the ability to work is a responsibility shared by employees and employers, emphasized Andrej Vckovski.
As long as they were sufficiently involved in furthering their own education there was no reason why ICT professionals couldn’t pursue their profession until retirement he noted in conclusion.
Motivation for further training.
At the end of the event all presenters discussed the topic “ICT professionals over age 50” and further training.
Edgar Spieler who heads up the labor market department at the Office for Economy and Labor in Zurich pointed out at the outset that he was unaware of any age discrimination in ICT.
Reportedly many unemployed ICT professionals failed to keep themselves informed about skills in demand and therefore were not acquiring those skills.
The RAV cannot fix this situation but only offer advice and propose continuing education opportunities he said.
Andrej Vckovski emphasized at the panel discussion that it is quite a difficult task to motivate employees for further training.
As a result it was necessary for employers to nudge some individuals in the right direction.
This point was underscored by Claudia Lienert Head of Competence Center Software Development at SBB IT.
According to Lienert SBB allowed employees to set aside 5 to 7 percent of working time for additional training but a lot of people failed to take advantage of that opportunity she said.
Andrej Vckovski therefore suggested that ICT professionals should learn how to further their education while still in their initial job training.
The ability to further one’s education is in itself a skill that can be acquired he said.
To the presentation on Slideshare (in German only).
Meet us at events - 2017.
HoloLens 18 April 2017.
Meet us at events.
You can meet us in spring/summer 2017 here:
July 3.
SomexCloud in Zürich: speech by Michael Wechner and Nico Strebel about Chatbots and Conversational Interface.
June 26 – 28.
Money2020 in Copenhagen: booth nr.
C34 in hall C2.
June 16.
Informatiktage at our headquarter in Zürich.
May 31 jPrime conference in Sofia speech by Panche Chavkovski about IoT LoRaWAN and SkopjePulse.
May 4.
Ligital in Vaduz: speech by Daniel Eichhorn about IoT.
May 1-2.
Seamless Payments in Dubai: booth nr.
R50.
April 28.
Jazoon in Bern.
April 26.
HSR-Stellenbörse in Rapperswil: booth in room 1.100_OG.
April 25-27.
ConHit in Berlin: booth E-103 in hall 3.2.
April 24.
Guild42.ch in Bern: speech by Reto Grob about HoloLens.
Triff uns an Veranstaltungen - 2017.
HoloLens 18.
April 2017.
Triff uns an Veranstaltungen.
Triff uns im Frühling/Sommer 2017 hier: 3.
Juli.
SomexCloud in Zürich: Votrag durch Michael Wechner und Nico Strebel über Chatbots und Conversational Interfaces 26.-28.
Juni.
Money2020 in Kopenhagen: Stand Nr.
C34 in Halle C2 16.
Juni.
Informatiktage an unserem Hauptsitz in Zürich 31.
Mai jPrime.
Konferen in Sofia: Vortrag durch Panche Chavkovski über IoT LoRaWAN und.
SkopjePulse 4.
Mai.
Ligital in Vaduz: Vortrag durch Daniel Eichhorn über IoT 1.-2.
Mai.
Seamless Payments in Dubai: Stand Nr.
R50 28.
April.
Jazoon in Bern 26.
April.
HSR-Stellenbörse in Rapperswil: Stand in Raum 1.100_OG 25.-27.
April.
ConHit in Berlin: Stand E-103 in Halle 3.2 24.
April.
Guild42.ch in Bern: Vortrag durch Reto Grob über HoloLens.
HoloLens at SBB - Successful test for maintenance of trains.
HoloLens 20 April 2017.
Successful test for maintenance of trains.
In an innovative partnership SBB and «augment IT» (by Netcetera) successfully tested the use of HoloLens.
Various scenarios were investigated and tested.
In the short- and medium-term we see the greatest potential as being in the areas of maintenance and training.
It is a matter of time until more business areas will be added.
One example is its application to train maintenance.
The video shows how an untrained employee can view the interior workings of a rail car at the Bern railroad station.
An application could give the employee enough assistance to be able to solve the problem more rapidly and with minimum effort.
Alternatively an expert could provide assistance over a video link.
Unique benefits:
View of the interior workings of a rail car «on-site».
Highlighting defective parts.
Assistance with maintenance using a camera and remote connection.
Recognition of valid tickets as a visionary application.
A more visionary application would be the automatic recognition of valid tickets.
Currently these are read manually using a scanner.
In future a pair of glasses like HoloLens could allow ticket inspectors to check the validity of the ticket and the person concerned.
To do this he would simply pick up the SwissPass and look at it through HoloLens.
In addition the number of passengers could be counted automatically which would speed up controls and lead to more reliable passenger numbers.
This case illustrates the potential of the new technology but for a number of reasons it is not yet ready for further investigation.
At first it was not clear which scenarios would provide benefit for SBB.
The evaluation and test phase showed that initial uses already exist in maintenance and training.
More business areas will open up as the devices are further developed.
It is not a question of whether this will happen but when.
Change in S-GE’s Supervisory Board - Our CEO was elected as member of the Supervisory Board.
Media release 18 May 2017.
Our CEO Andrej Vckovski was elected as member of the Supervisory Board.
At today’s General Meeting the Supervisory Board of Switzerland Global Enterprise (S-GE) elected our CEO Dr Andrej Vckovski and Alain Berset CEO Polytype as new members of the Supervisory Board of S-GE .
They are replacing Beat Kündig and Charles Philott.
Congratulations to both new members to this election.
More about our CEO.
Full-house at our AR workshop - Creating value with Augmented Reality.
HoloLens 23 May 2017.
Creating value with Augmented Reality.
Around 60 customers and partners joined our.
Augmented Reality (AR) event on May 15 2017.
The workshop was initiated by us and partnered with Bitforge and Innoveto.
Have a look at our summary video and enjoy the inspiring atmosphere.
If you are interested in attending our next AR innovation workshop get in touch with our expert.
Presentations at UXCamp Switzerland 2017 - Two presentations from our experts.
HoloLens 30 May 2017.
Presentations at UXCamp Switzerland 2017.
Our experts about Augmented Reality and Conversational Interfaces.
The UXCamp Switzerland took place on 20 May 2017 at the University of the Arts in Zurich.
We were present at the conference on user experience design as a silver sponsor and with two lectures on innovative topics.
Hugo Schotman Interaction Designer explained the challenges for the design of Augmented Reality (AR) applications.
Watch the video with the cool live presentation with HoloLens:
To our AR offering.
In addition Michael Wechner Senior Software Engineer and Nico Strebel Software Engineer shared their experiences with Conversational Interfaces.
See corresponding article.
To the presentation.
Contact our experts.
Hugo Schotman.
UX Architect +41 44 297 57 91.
Devices possibilities and new business models 19 December 2017.
Mixed Reality's big potential .
Our expert Reto grob evaluates its real added value 23 November 2017.
Cooperating with the WORLDWEBFORUM.
Strategic partner for Augmented Reality 08 November 2017.
The next big step 05 September 2017.
Voice-controlled timetable search based on Google Assistant - Google Assistant news from Google I/O.
User Experience 14 June 2017.
Voice-controlled timetable search based on Google Assistant.
News from Google I/O.
The Google I/O 2017 revealed a lot of news in the fields of machine learning and conversational interfaces.
We've been working with speech-based applications for quite some time so we were very excited about what improvements would be presented for the Google Assistant.
The possibilities to integrate an app into an Android speech assistant have been very limited.
With the new release of the Actions on Google SDK developers have many new ways to connect with the user.
What's new with Google Assistant and what it means to developers and users we've immediately explored through our speech-based timetable search.
The most exciting news is the implementation of so-called cards: they enable us to visually present additional information to the user.
This is important since the user can not always be presented with all the information via spoken language in a compact and efficient way.
In the case of the timetable search it would be very tedious for example to read all intermediate stations via voice output.
Another very interesting feature are so-called suggestion chips.
These small buttons offer the user selection possibilities and are already well known from chat bots.
However it is new that this concept is used in a speech-based environment.
We found in usability test that especially in the beginning users have trouble communicating efficiently with Conversational Interfaces.
The suggestion chips support the user during the conversation with the application.
In addition two other visual artefacts were presented: so-called carousels a horizontal scrollable list of cards as well as normal vertically oriented lists.
Carousels will provide significant added value in the future especially for shopping as they are particularly suitable for product proposals.
In contrast lists are to be used for alternatives.
They enable a classic exclusive selection procedure.
For retail companies however another innovation is likely to be most interesting.
Actions on Google will support transactions in the course of this year.
This means that a standardized sales process will be available by voice which supports various payment options.
This includes classic credit cards but also alternative payment methods such as loyalty points.
As it has been possible to bind a credit card to an account for a long time the introduction of voice-controlled transactions increases the comfort for the user.
With a few voice commands and clicks we can make a purchase.
In addition Actions on Google enables order updates.
This means that the user can be kept up-to-date with the status of the transaction by means of a push message.
The following video shows our first test with Google Assistant using the voice-controlled timetable search.
For the timetable display we use cards and the user guidance has been improved with suggestion chips.
In conclusion we can state that in particular cards and suggestion chips deliver a tangible added value.
Starting a conversation is much easier.
With suggestions you can present the user right at the beginning with the most important functionalities and speech patterns without tutorial.
Cards allow a uniform appearance and improve the user experience.
For our timetable search lists and carousels did not provide a significant advantage but they were particularly convincing in the field of product presentation.
We're curious about how Google Assistant will interact with conventional smart phone apps and how the associated innovations will change conventional app development.
Google I/O has confirmed to us that Conversational Interfaces will grow massively in the coming years.
We are delighted to be at the forefront of this development and to offer our customers a competitive advantage.
Talk to the author.
Open doors in Zurich offices - Public IT-days 2017.
HoloLens.
Zürich 26 June 2017.
Open doors in Zurich offices.
Presentations exhibition and sold-out IoT workshop.
In and around Zurich over 50 IT companies universities and research institutes opened their doors and welcomed about 9'000 visitors to the IT-days 2017.
On Friday 16 June 2017 we also opened our doors.
There were presentations held by our employees  – about Augmented Reality by Reto Grob about conversational interfaces by Michael Wechner and Nico Strebel about IT career paths by Oliver Aeschlimann and about how payment transactions in Switzerland work by Michael Pellaton.
And there was a fully booked IoT workshop by Daniel Eichhorn and Phakeernan Ratnacumar where participants built their own weather station.
In addition we had an exhibition where participants could try out our latest software developments.
With about 100 visitors at our offices the IT days 2017 where a great success!
Boys facinated of VR and AR (Published by inside-it.ch).
Interested audience in the sold-out IoT-Workshop (Image: inside-it.ch).
Michael Wechner and Nico Strebel talk about our their pilot projects with conversational interfaces.
Reto Grob talks about the future with Augmented Reality.
Presentation by our expert Rafael Pérez Süess 09 February 2018.
Free rides with cinema ticket and BLT Tickets App - Wemlin Tickets Promotions-Toolbox loyalty program.
Wemlin Tickets iOS.
Android 26 June 2017.
Free rides with cinema ticket and BLT Tickets App.
Wemlin Tickets Promotions-Toolbox - Loyalty program for public transport in Switzerland.
As the first customer the public transport companies TNW and BLT together with the Pathé cinemas licensed the new module from Netcetera’s Wemlin Suite under the label Cine & Ride.
This allows the user to redeem two trips in the TNW network via the BLT Tickets app with each cinema ticket.
This loyalty program is based on the Wemlin Tickets Promotions Toolbox which promotes customer loyalty and the digitization of public transport companies in Switzerland.
Since 1 June 2017 a promotion code is being printed on each entrance ticket of one of the Pathé multiplex cinemas in the city of Basel.
This code can be scanned with the TNW Tickets app and is then converted to a multi-trip ticket with two journeys within the entire TNW network.
The cinema visitor comfortably travels from home and back again with the public transport.
The Promotions Toolbox is a B2B application for transport network partners.
Any product from the public transport provider’s portfolio can be used as promotion article.
The Toolbox offers the greatest possible flexibility regarding the validity of the article the promotion duration and how and how often the promotion codes can be redeemed.
The distribution system of the partner decides on the subsequent distribution of the promotion be it at the cash desk by customer mailing or as an employee fringe benefit.
Stephan Brode Chief Digital Officer at.
BLT says about the Wemlin Promotions Toolbox: With this ingeniously simple solution we are implementing a further step in our digitization strategy and will save money by eliminating the paper version of the promotion ticket.”.
More info and video about Cine & Ride.
Scanning the code on the cinema ticket with the BLT Tickets app to retrieve the free rides.
The multi-trip ticket with two journeys within the entire TNW network after scanning the code with the TNW Tickets app.
Validating and using one of the free rides: The cinema visitor comfortably travels with the public transport.
Your contact for this product:
Oliver Aeschlimann.
Head of Product & Market Strategy Digital Enterprise +41 31 740 75 71.
System-wide patient dossier - Markus Dietrich presents solution for university hospital.
Healthcare health engine 27 June 2017.
Markus Dietrich presents our solution for the University Hospital Basel.
At the Forum Digitale Gesundheit in June 2017 our healthcare expert Markus Dietrich presented our system-wide patient dossier for the University Hospital Basel.
The solution enables patient data exchange across all systems processes and with all partners of the hospital.
We modernized existing systems and implemented new software requirements.
Markus Dietrich.
Head of Sales Digital Enterprise +41 44 297 59 21.
Healthcare at Netcetera.
Discovering extended reality - User interactions in augmented mixed & virtual reality.
Sparks Blog 11 July 2017.
User interactions in augmented mixed & virtual reality.
User interaction in an extra dimension eg manipulating objects and moving around in a 3D environment has become possible thanks to extended reality.
In the article by our expert Hugo Schotman you learn what can be done with augmented mixed and virtual reality.
It gives a comprehensive overview of applications and tools and dares a glance into the future.
The full-size model of a ship with a historic representation of what that type of ship looked like many years ago at the Museum of Transport in Lucerne.
The overlay is created live visible to the person wearing the HoloLens.
It’s easy to watch immersive videos (360º or 180º) with the daily news site Blick.ch and the apps for VR content we helped to develop.
Other stories.
On this topic Mixed reality at Museum of Transport.
Virtual Reality app for Blick Group.
Ringier launches BlickVR 19 September 2016.
Innovations at UXCamp Switzerland 2017.
Two presentations from our experts 30 May 2017.
Maintaining employability of IT specialists over 50? - Andrej Vckovski about employability of IT specialists 50+.
Human Capital 11 July 2017.
Maintaining employability of IT specialists over 50?
Training is the be-all and end-all.
Despite the shortage of skilled workers many IT specialists over 50 are asking themselves if they can remain in their profession until they reach retirement.
Maintaining employability is the responsibility of employers and employees alike.
TheT' factor is immensely important here – as inT' for training.
Read the article from Netcetera's CEO Andrej Vckovski published in the July edition of the Swiss IT Magazine.
Sometimes a careless sound bite from an IT manager will make international headlines.
This is what happened in late autumn 2012 when the Indian SAP manager V.R.
Ferose proclaimed from Bangalore to the world: The shelf life of a software developer is no longer than that of a cricketer – about 15 years.
The 20-year-old guys contribute more to the company's success than the 35-year-olds.
Ferose was 38 at the time.
Although cynical his statement reflects a widespread concern: Is it at all possible for people in IT to remain in their profession until retirement? Or do they get the chop at 50? Or perhaps even earlier? In Switzerland two phenomena collide in the world of IT.
The first: according to predictions there will be a shortage of up to 25,000 specialists by 2024.
The second: a study conducted in 2015 by ICTswitzerland and the Office for Economy and Labour of the Canton of Zurich ( Employability of unemployed computer scientists 45+ [.
Arbeitsmarktfähigkeit arbeitsloser Informatiker 45plus ]) shows that the risk of unemployment for computer scientists rises steadily with age; by contrast it falls with age on the whole for all occupations in Switzerland.
In the IT sector the unemployment rate in 2014 among 45 to 54-year-olds was 2.2 per cent and 3 per cent for the 55 to 64-year-olds (by comparison the overall unemployment rate was 2.6 per cent in both age groups).
The computer scientist does not exist.
Here's a newsflash: the computer scientist does not exist.
The updated ninth edition of the IT professions standard reference book [.
Berufe der ICT ] lists a total of 42 occupational profiles in the field of IT.
This high degree of heterogeneity makes it difficult to determine exactly where there are shortages that could be remedied by employing specialists aged 50 and over and where other reasons are to blame for the shortage.
In an article published in the Swiss daily newspaper.
Tages-Anzeiger at the beginning of November 2016 – which addressed the lack of 25,000 IT specialists – a reader survey revealed the following: When asked the question How should the lack of computer scientists be remedied? 22 per cent of readers felt that more people had to be trained while 61 per cent believed that companies should hire computer scientists aged 55 and over.
Popular opinion on this subject seems to be settled.
Guarantee the emergence of more new talent.
It is definitely essential to keep skilled workers employed until retirement age in order to avoid a shortage of skilled labor (at least in part).
A simple calculation could be used here: more in plus less out equals more in overall.
Training more people while making sure that fewer people leave the profession will inevitably lead to more skilled workers being available.
A key step towards the development more young talent – besides dual apprenticeships – is the new IT secondary school [.
Informatikmittelschule ] which will open its doors to one class of pupils in Lucerne in August 2017.
There are many prejudices against senior employees and not only in IT.
Among other charges levied against them they are said to be inflexible too expensive overwhelmed by the speed of technology and difficult to manage because they think they know better.
According to detractors their knowledge is outdated too.
However these prejudices are offset by a number of clear advantages: senior employees are more resilient think in a more joined-up manner do not fall for every hyped product and trend know their business well and are more loyal.
That said without ongoing training it is no longer possible for any employee to remain in their profession until retirement.
Training is the be-all and end-all when it comes to keeping fit in a profession.
Those who develop themselves can develop certain safeguards ie training helps prevent a person from becoming obsolete and the work from being outsourced or becoming automated.
However just as there is no such thing as the computer scientist neither is there any specific training that makes one untouchable.
It is important that even in their initial training people are taught and learn about how important it is to keep taking training courses and how and where this can best be done.
The starting point for this is always professional curiosity – and this can take many forms.
Those who only rake their garden of knowledge or look out at the world from their font of knowledge are ill equipped to deal with change.
Those who say I am the only one who really knows system X; nobody else can do what I can are cutting their noses off to spite their face.
At the same time employers who think Why should I put the young graduate on system Y; they would rather tackle our new blockchain IoT project with machine learning are also shooting themselves in the foot in the longer term.
Invest in employees.
Companies should offer their employees internal and external training options – it is much easier to invest in the good people you already have and to make them even better than to look elsewhere.
A broader de-specialized knowledge horizon is a good starting point for every employee when it comes to keeping fit in their profession.
Conferences workshops e-learning and exchanges with colleagues both inside and outside the company are a few ways to stimulate ongoing training.
Often it is also possible to adapt one's career path to one's changing interests.
Here is an example: after university a person starts working as a software developer.
As the years progress they become a project manager and increasingly start to take on more managerial tasks.
In this case ongoing training in management is a sensible option for specialized further training.
It takes everyone.
However great the shortage of specialists may actually be it is extremely short-sighted to think that a computer scientist has reached their expiration date when they reach the age of 50 especially given that demographic change is leading people to retire even later in life.
Alternative working models (semi-retirement curved career trajectories etc.) will also have to come into play.
It takes everyone.
Of course not everybody has to work for as long as legendary American computer scientist Donald Don E.
Knuth who retired as a professor at 79 but is still active as a computer scientist.
What's one thing that distinguishes Don above all else? His insatiable thirst for knowledge.
It is a trait worthy of imitation.
Source:
Swiss IT Magazine no.
07-08 July 2017.
Altes Eisen oder Talente mit Erfahrung? - Andrej Vckovski zur Arbeitsmarktfähigkeit von IT Profis 50+.
Human Capital 11.
Juli 2017.
Altes Eisen oder Talente mit Erfahrung?
Konstante Weiterbildung ist das A und O.
Trotz Fachkräftemangel fragen sich viele IT-Spezialisten über 50 ob sie bis zur Pensionierung in ihrem Beruf arbeiten können.
Die Erhaltung der Arbeitsmarktfähigkeit ist Sache von Arbeitgebern und Arbeitnehmern.
Enorm wichtig dabei ist der Faktor W – W wie Weiterbildung.
Lesen Sie den Fachartikel von Andrej Vckovski CEO erschienen in der Juli-Ausgabe des Swiss IT Magazine.
Manchmal schafft es ein salopper Spruch eines IT-Managers bis in die internationalen Schlagzeilen.
So geschehen im Spätherbst 2012 als der indische SAP-Manager V.R.
Ferose von Bangalore aus der Welt verkündete: «Die Haltbarkeitsdauer eines Software-Entwicklers ist nicht länger als die eines Kricketspielers – ungefähr 15 Jahre.
Die 20-jährigen Typen bringen mir für den Unternehmenserfolg mehr als die 35-Jährigen.» Ferose war zu diesem Zeitpunkt 38.
Im Kern trifft seine zynische Aussage aber auf einen verbreiteten Zweifel: Können Leute in der IT überhaupt bis zur Pensionierung in ihrem Beruf arbeiten? Oder ereilt sie die Altersguillotine schon mit 50? Oder gar noch früher? In der Schweiz prallen in der ICT-Welt zwei Phänomene aufeinander.
Einerseits wird bis 2024 ein Mangel von bis zu 25’000 Fachkräften prognostiziert anderseits belegt eine von ICTswitzerland und dem Amt für Wirtschaft und Arbeit des Kantons Zürich 2015 durchgeführte Studie («Arbeitsmarktfähigkeit arbeitsloser Informatiker 45plus») dass das Arbeitslosigkeitsrisiko für Informatikerinnen und Informatiker mit zunehmendem Alter stetig ansteigt während es bei allen Berufsgruppen in der Schweiz gesamthaft mit steigendem Alter abnimmt.
Im IT-Umfeld betrug die Arbeitslosenquote 2014 bei den 45 bis 54-Jährigen 2,2 Prozent bei den 55- bis 64-Jährigen 3 Prozent (die Gesamtarbeitslosenquote im Vergleich dazu belief sich in beiden Altersgruppen auf 2,6 Prozent.
«Den Informatiker» gibt es nicht.
Dabei gilt es aber zu beachten: «Den Informatiker» gibt es nicht.
Das Standardwerk «Berufe der ICT» listet in der neunten aktualisierten Auflage 42 Informatik-Berufsbilder.
Es ist dementsprechend schwer bei dieser ausgeprägten Heterogenität abschliessend festzustellen wo tatsächlich ein Mangel besteht der auch mit Fachkräften 50+ behoben werden könnte und wo andere Gründe für den Mangel vorherrschen.
In einem Artikel des «Tages-Anzeigers» von Anfang November 2016 der die fehlenden 25’000 IT-Fachkräfte thematisierte ergab eine Leserabstimmung Folgendes: Auf die Frage «Wie soll der Informatikermangel behoben werden?» waren 22 Prozent der Leser der Meinung es müssten mehr Leute ausgebildet werden während mit 61 Prozent die Mehrheit meinte die Unternehmen müssten Informatiker auch mit 55+ noch anstellen.
Die Volksmeinung zu diesem Thema scheint gemacht.
Für mehr Nachwuchs sorgen.
Es ist sicher angesagt Fachkräfte bis zur Pensionierung im Beruf zu halten um den Fachkräftemangel mindestens etwas zu entschärfen.
Die Rechnung hier könnte ganz einfach lauten: Mehr «hinein» plus weniger «hinaus» gleich mehr «drin».
Mehr Leute ausbilden und gleichzeitig dafür sorgen dass weniger Leute das Berufsfeld verlassen führt unweigerlich zu mehr Fachkräften die zur Verfügung stehen.
Ein wichtiger Schritt in Richtung mehr Nachwuchs ist neben der dualen Lehre auch die neue Informatikmittelschule die im August 2017 in Luzern mit einer Klasse startet.
Weiterbildung ist das A und O.
Gegenüber älteren Mitarbeitenden – nicht nur im Informatikumfeld – bestehen viele Vorurteile: Unflexibel seien sie zu teuer von der wachsenden Geschwindigkeit überfordert und zudem noch schwer zu führen weil sie alles besser wüssten.
Zudem hätten sie veraltete Kenntnisse.
Diesen Vorurteilen stehen aber auch klare Vorzüge älterer Mitarbeitender gegenüber: Sie sind belastbarer denken vernetzter fallen nicht mehr auf jeden Hype und Trend herein sie kennen ihr Unternehmen gut und sie sind loyaler.
Aber: Ohne konstante Weiterbildung kann heute kein Arbeitnehmer in seinem Beruf bestehen und bis zur Pensionierung arbeiten.
Weiterbildung ist das A und O wenn es darum geht sich im Beruf fit zu halten.
Wer sich weiterbildet kann sich einen gewissen Schutz aufbauen: Weiterbildung hilft dagegen obsolet also wegglobalisiert oder wegautomatisiert zu werden.
Aber genausowenig wie es «den Informatiker» gibt existiert «die Weiterbildung» nach der man den definitiven «Impfschutz» hat.
Wichtig ist dass schon in der Grundausbildung gelehrt (und gelernt) wird wie wichtig Weiterbildung ist und wie und wo man sich am besten weiterbildet.
Ausgangspunkt dafür ist aber immer die professionelle Neugierde – und die kann viele Formen haben.
Wer nur seinen Wissensgarten harkt oder aus seinem Wissenssilo auf die Welt schaut hat schlechte Karten.
Wer sich sagt «ich bin der Einzige der System X wirklich kennt mir kann keiner was» schneidet sich ins eigene Fleisch.
Aber auch Arbeitgeber die denken «was soll ich die junge ETH-Abgängerin noch auf System Y ansetzen sie soll lieber unser neues Blockchain-IoT-Projekt mit Machine Learning angehen» schiessen sich längerfristig selbst ins Knie.
In Mitarbeitende investieren.
Unternehmen sollten ihren Mitarbeitenden interne und externe Weiterbildungsoptionen anbieten – es ist schliesslich einfacher in die guten Leute die man schon hat zu investieren und sie noch besser zu machen als sie auswärts zu suchen.
Ein breiter de-spezialisierter Wissenshorizont ist für jeden Arbeitnehmer eine gute Ausgangslage wenn es darum geht sich beruflich fit zu halten.
Fachkonferenzen Workshops E-Learning der Austausch mit Kollegen inner- und ausserhalb des eigenen Unternehmens sind nur einige mögliche Wege die man auf dem Feld der Weiterbildung einschlagen kann.
Zudem besteht oft auch die Möglichkeit den eigenen Karriereverlauf den sich verändernden eigenen Interessen anzupassen.
Ein Beispiel: Jemand fängt nach der Hochschule als Softwareentwickler an um dann mit den Jahren als Projektverantwortlicher immer mehr auch in Managementfunktionen hineinzuwachsen.
Da ist dann zur fachlich-spezialisierten Weiterbildung auch eine Weiterbildung in Management eine sinnvolle Option.
Es braucht alle.
Wie gross auch immer die Fachkräftelücke effektiv sein mag: Es ist extrem kurzsichtig zu denken mit dem 50.
Altersjahr sei das Ablaufdatum eines Informatikers erreicht.
Vor allem auch mit Blick auf das durch den demografischen Wandel steigende Rentenalter.
Hier werden auch alternative Arbeitsmodelle (Altersteilzeit Bogenkarrieren etc.) ins Spiel kommen müssen.
Es braucht alle.
Aber es müssen ja nicht alle gleich so lange arbeiten wie Donald «Don» E.
Knuth der legendäre amerikanische Informatiker der mit 79 als Professor zwar emeritiert aber als Informatiker noch immer nicht im Ruhestand ist.
Ihn zeichnet vor allem eines aus: sein kaum zu stillender Wissensdurst – ein nachahmenswerter Wesenszug.
Quelle:
Swiss IT Magazine.
Nr.
07-08 Juli 2017.
Sprechen Sie mit dem Autoren.
Krise beschleunigt Entwicklung.
Interview mit unserem CHRO Dominique Ramlet 28.
April 2020.
Das Unternehmen als «Arbeitszuhause».
Interview mit Dominique Ramelet unser CHRO 16.
April 2020.
Wir vereinen Frauen der Technik.
Sponsoring des ersten Ada Lovelace Festival der Schweiz 13.
September 2019.
Frauen in Computer und Technik vereint.
Netcetera unterstützt Ada Lovelace Festival am 6.
September 23.
August 2019.
Neta's 100.
Ausgabe .
Grosser Meilenstein für unseren IT-Comic-Charakter 21.
August 2019.
Triff uns an Jobmessen im Frühling 2018.
Wo du uns findest 16.
Februar 2018.
Tag der offenen Tür bei uns in Zürich.
Informatiktage 2017 26.
Juni 2017.
Wechsel im Verwaltungsrat von S-GE.
Unser CEO Andrej Vckovski wurde in Verwaltungsrat gewählt 18.
Mai 2017.
Herausforderungen für ältere ICT-Profis.
Präsentation unseres CEOs 07.
April 2017.
Triff uns an Schweizer Jobmessen.
Hier findest du uns 06.
Februar 2017.
Jubiläums- und Eröffnungsfest Mazedonien.
Impressionen 20.
September 2016 20 Jahre Jubiläum.
Impressionen von der Feier in Zürich 14.
Juli 2016.
Zwei Bronze-Awards 08.
April 2016 «Jeder ist seines Glückes eigener Schmid».
Interview mit unserer Personalchefin 29.
Oktober 2015.
Mit IT-dreamjobs zum Traumberuf.
Website von unseren Auszubildenden 03.
September 2015.
Fachkraeftemangel.
Interview im SKO-LEADER Magazin 12.
März 2015 Netcetera ist ein bisschen anders .
IT Dreamjobs Erfahrungsbericht 15.
Januar 2015.
Software Waste Disposal & Blockchain - Presentations at IEEE EUROCON 2017 in July.
Ohrid 13 July 2017.
Presentations at IEEE EUROCON 2017 in July.
At the IEEE EUROCON 2017 in Ohrid Macedonia two of our experts shared their knowledge.
Our CEO Andrej Vckovski taks about software waste disposal.
His talk addresses awareness and strategy to cope with the increasing complexity within a system of systems based on practical examples of large-scale enterprise endeavors.
Elena Karafiloski presented a paper about “Blockchain Solutions for Big Data Challenges” that was part of her Master studies.
EUROCON is the 7th international conference on smart technologies for the region Europe Middle East and Africa.
Dr Andrej Vckovski: Software Waste Disposal.
Current organizations in business and public administration are in a long-lasting process of digital transformation.
New opportunities one the one side a call for more efficiency and efficacy on the other side create an increasing demand for information systems in general.
Every new system however generates additional system complexity if its operation does not dispose of legacy at the same time.
Fields are not green anymore in most cases and therefore the digital landscape of an organization already covered with many known and unknown elements of technology.
This talk addresses awareness and strategy to cope with the increasing complexity within a system of systems based on practical examples of large-scale enterprise endeavors.
Elena Karafiloski: Blockchain Solutions for Big Data Challenges.
The popularity of Blockchain technology and the huge extent of its application results with much ongoing research in different practical and scientific areas.
Although still new and in experimenting phase the Blockchain is being seen as a revolutionary solution addressing modern technology concerns like decentralization trust identity data ownership and data-driven decisions.
At the same time the world is facing an expansion in quantity and diversity of digital data that are generated by both users and machines.
While actively searching for the best way to store organize and process Big Data the Blockchain technology comes in providing significant input.
Its proposed solutions about decentralized management of private data digital property resolution IoT communication and public institutions’ reforms are having significant impact on how Big Data may evolve.
This paper presents the novel solutions associated with some of the Big Data areas that can be empowered by the Blockchain technology.
Read the entire paper.
More about EUROCON17.
Plundering islands in your living room - Mixed Reality 3D action game.
Media release 18 July 2017.
Mixed Reality 3D action game.
Mixed Reality can provide improvements in various aspects of professional life.
It can help the education process by projecting objects and processes in the real world.
It can help medical personnel to carefully plan operations.
It can help maintenance workers to easily find and solve various problems.
Mixed Reality also offers improvements in the entertainment sector.
Nowadays Virtual Reality has become one of the most talked about topics in the gaming industry.
Devices like PSVR Oculus Rift HTC Vive and so on bring the possibility to enjoy virtual worlds in your living room.
But Virtual Reality as the name implies disconnects you from the real world.
Mixed Reality on the other hand offers you the possibility to enjoy the fun of playing virtual games in the real world.
This is the story about the challenges and the concepts behind our first Mixed Reality game - Cubic Warfare.
Cubic Warfare is a 3D action game.
You are a captain of a pirate ship and your goal is to destroy buildings on various islands as fast as possible in order to earn as many Reals as possible.
You are able to play all by yourself just for fun or to submit your score to online leaderboards and compare it with other players.
Cubic Warfare was first conceived as a prize raffle game for one of our company events.
The idea was to have the employees compete by playing an accessible game.
The best players would win prizes.
At the time HoloLens was relatively new and we didn’t have a lot of knowledge about it in the company.
That was the opportunity to create the game.
The initial version of Cubic Warfare was very well received so it was developed further and was used at the Netcetera booth at the Jazoon Tech Days that took place in Bern in April 2017.
For this event there were several new levels created the ability to submit scores to a leaderboard was added the visuals were improved etc.
The game performed very well and piqued the interest of a lot of the attendees.
We decided to develop it further and finally to make it available for everyone to play.
Today Cubic Warfare is available at no cost for everyone in the Windows Store.
So what were the biggest challenges during the development process?
The HoloLens is a standalone mixed reality device.
This means that it doesn't need any additional hardware to operate (like a PC smartphone or something similar).
All of the sensors processing units battery etc.
are contained in the headset.
The headset is powerful enough to display complex models.
However it is not powerful enough to perform complex physics simulations or to render models with high-end materials and lighting.
Performance is one of the restrictions that the developer should be aware of.
To reduce the model complexity and lower the number of polygons that were used we decided that the game should use models made out of cubes also known as Voxel models.
Models made out of cubes can be easily made destructible if the physics are set correctly.
Some of our Voxel models are displayed in the gallery below.
Scaling was the next challenge.
When developing games for HoloLens you have to keep in mind that the objects will be placed in the real world.
They need to be in the right size.
To demonstrate the problem look at the following picture:
Cubic Warfare was developed using Unity.
In Unity 1 unit is equal to 1 meter in the real world.
This meant that when an object is created it needs to be really small.
If an object is small (from the picture ~30cm) a single cube from the model would be even smaller (around 1cm).
This makes problems with Unity's physics simulations.
You need a balance between the physics calculation precision and the scale.
Because the HoloLens is not very powerful the calculations need to be less precise.
This on the other hand makes issues (for example: collisions are not detected).
We needed to fine tune several settings in the Physics engine in order to find a perfect balance between the simulation accuracy and the performance (and yes this also included some changes in the gravity as well).
When talking about the physics it is important to say a few words about the setup of the physics model of the buildings that need to be destroyed.
Each building consists of cubes.
All of these cubes are independent physics objects.
However there are cases when a cube doesn't have cubes below it.
Think of balconies or bridges.
This is resolved using joints as a way to connect several physics objects together.
These joints can be broken if an excessive force affects the objects (an explosion for example).
This can be seen on the image below:
The cube that is marked with magenta doesn't have a cube below it.
It is connected to the adjacent cubes (marked with orange) with joints.
The same infrastructure is established for every cube that doesn't have anything below it.
Another challenge was the menu system.
Almost all applications that are available right now for Mixed Reality devices provide menus that are similar to the standard flat menus that can be seen in the classic applications that we use on PCs smartphones and even Windows 10 for HoloLens.
We wanted to push this concept a bit further.
Let’s look at the Start Menu (only Holograms are displayed so that the picture is clearer):
You will immediately notice that there are comic bubbles for the different groups of ships.
The group with the single ship (on the left) represents the menu item for the mode where the user doesn't submit the score to the leaderboard.
The group with three ships (on the right) represents the mode where the user submits the score.
The obvious question is: How does the user know when an item is highlighted.
We solved this by introducing an additional comic bubble to highlight the option when it is selected.
This is displayed in the figure below:
The additional comic bubble Yeeey! highlights the selected option or item.
Also the menu has other items that can be selected but are not immediately highlighted.
If there are bubbles to all items the user interface would become too crowded.
This is the reasoning behind the decision to only highlight items that are important.
The other items are easily discoverable while the user is looking around the scene.
The figure below demonstrates all of the items that are available:
Using this pattern we were able to design the entire user interface of the game so that it uses the actual 3D objects to convey information to the user without using standard UI/UX patterns.
This allows us to make the user a bit more immersed in the game.
So enough talk.
How about some gameplay? Interested? Check out the video below:
If you have a compatible device you can get.
Cubic Warfare for free from the Windows Store today! Enjoy!
Find here another article with technical insights into the development of the game.
Zdravko Nikolovski.
Senior Software Engineer +389 2 315 4448.
Architecture.
Wemlin for Windows 10 - The app now runs on all devices with Windows 10.
Wemlin 25 September 2017.
Wemlin for Windows 10.
The public transport app is now a Universal Windows app.
Wemlin for Windows is no longer a pure smartphone app.
We have further developed the popular app for public transport into a Universal Windows app and brought it to the latest state of technology.
It now runs on all devices with Windows 10.
The data is obtained from the new Open Data Platform ÖV Schweiz .
The great advantage for the users: they can check the departure times of train tram bus and ship of all the public transport companies in Switzerland even faster.
With the passenger information app Wemlin the travelers know the departures in their vicinity at any time whether with iOS Android or Windows Phone.
We now have developed Wemlin for the Windows 10 platform.
In the start menu view the next departures of the user’s personal favorite stations are displayed.
If you want to use other Wemlin features you can open the app by clicking on the desktop tile.
A further advantage is the connection to the new “Open Data Platform ÖV Schweiz” of the Federal Office of Transport.
The platform provides all timetable data as well as the current and the expected traffic situation of public transport in real time.
Wemlin for Windows now shows the departure times of all Swiss public transport companies – anytime and anywhere.
Friedemann Bürgel member of the managing board of opendata.ch says: We are very pleased that this popular and widely-used app can now use the new platform.
Open data is increasingly becoming an infrastructure that benefits the general public.”.
The existing Windows Smartphone app is replaced by the Universal Windows app.
The new app can be downloaded here for free.
Wemlin for Android and iOS remain and can be used for the Zürich transport network Liechtenstein Mobil and the transport networks Ostwind Nordwestschweiz and Frimobil.
With Wemlin the travelers know the departures in their vicinity at any time.
Wemlin for Windows now shows the departure times of all Swiss public transport companies.
In the start menu view the next departures of the user’s personal favorite stations are displayed.
Experience digitalization live 02 March 2016.
Augmented Reality - The next big step.
HoloLens 05 September 2017.
The next big step.
Augmented reality is here and there are applications that deliver real benefits.
But how do you typically set about proceeding with a new AR project? And what expertise is needed to gain a foothold in this field? Find the answers in this article.
After the PC the Internet and the rapid spread of mobile platforms the sector is again at the beginning of the next era: that of augmented and mixed reality platforms.
This opens completely new opportunities for applications but many of them are still beyond our imagination.
It is not a question of whether these platforms will become relevant just when.
An overview of xR.
The topics of Mixed Reality (MR) Augmented Reality (AR) and Virtual Reality (VR) are developing rapidly.
We hear about new devices services and applications almost every month.
But what do the terms mean? Virtual reality is relatively clearly defined - full immersion in another world using a headset where you are no longer aware of the real world.
One disadvantage is this lack of reference to the real world.
The user therefore does not move or can only move to a limited extent.
Augmented reality is the field that is currently being developed most actively and is where many companies see the most potential.
It is defined as an extension of reality usually by visual and acoustic means.
However further senses could be added in the future such as touch.
A simple kind of augmented reality is the superimposition of 2D data such as the distance from a free kick to the goal during a football game.
For more enhanced use the space is recognized and 3D objects with physical models are embedded in it.
Augmented reality has the advantage that the user can augment his or her real world move normally in that world and communicate with other people.
The definition of mixed reality is not currently quite so clear.
Back in 1994 Paul Milgram already described MR as the entire spectrum between virtual reality and true reality.
This means that a 2D superimposition on a mobile phone or VR glasses showing an additional camera image of reality is also mixed reality.
Another definition describes mixed reality as a subgroup of augmented reality.
This advanced extension of the real world with the 3D capabilities of virtual reality supplies an additional understanding of the actual space.
Objects are placed in the real space in 3D and interact with this space.
The Microsoft Hololens is a good example of this.
The following explanations are based on this definition.
When we say AR we always also include MR.
It is still very difficult for many people to imagine that VR is the next big development after PCs the Internet and mobile technology.
There was a similar reaction at the end of the 1990s when the first mobile phones with cameras were launched.
Only a few people understood the benefit of having good cameras in smartphones.
But once you have experienced augmented reality it becomes clear: this attractive form of extending reality is not just a passing fad but the harbinger of something greater.
So it is not really surprising that all the big companies now have a strong AR strategy - Microsoft with the Hololens and Windows 10 Google with the Tango Project Apple with the upcoming iOS 11 and the ARKit framework and Facebook who this spring defined AR as one of its three strategic pillars.
But what does a service provider need to do to take those first steps into the world of virtual reality?
Creating added value with AR.
When a new technology or platform is in its infancy a company does not generally change its fundamental processes but instead improves them in specific areas.
Entire processes are only rethought once greater maturity and breadth is reached.
Companies also first consider where there might already be a good basis that can be used in order to gain some experience in their normal working environment.
Because of this AR is typically first used in fields such as: anywhere there is already a good base of 3D data or where value can be added through use in the real world.
For example 3D data usually already exists in the medical sector.
Today CT and MR scans can easily be processed into 3D models.
The industrial sector also works frequently with CAD/CAM applications and so has a good 3D basis.
There is also an industrial trend in the form of BIM (Building Information Modeling) within the field of architecture.
There are many situations in the real world where value can be added.
In industry for example employees come face to face with machines about which they have little additional information.
Superimposing this in a context-sensitive manner creates real added value.
According to information from Microsoft 50 to 100 service technicians at Thyssenkrupp and Tetrapak have already been equipped with a Hololens.
An expert can go on Skype at any time to dial in and see the maintenance work and sees the same image as the employee and can speak to them and give them instructions within their field of view.
The employees do not wear the glasses all the time but put them on selectively for processes where they require assistance.
This already substantially accelerates the diagnosis and solution process improves the quality of the work and therefore means that the use of AR has already paid off for the company.
Another exciting area of application for AR is in the field of training.
The benefit over VR: all the members of a class see the same objects in 3D and can move around them freely and explain them to each another.
Innovation methodology is essential.
Often it cannot be foreseen in advance where the added value can be achieved.
That is why it is worth using innovation methods for example working iteratively in a similar way to design thinking.
In order to recognize how augmented reality can add value it is worth applying innovation methods along similar lines to the design thought process.
Using this kind of methodology it can be determined fairly rapidly which ideas and use cases can actually be implemented and provide benefits and which cannot.
Only paths that are worthwhile are pursued.
It is also recommended to create an interdisciplinary project team.
This should comprise at least:
Experts from the field who know or can identify the current pain points processes and data quality.
Experts from AR development and 3D engineering who can quickly determine feasibility and can also develop prototypes.
Experts from the areas of law data protection data 3D modelling or user experience can also be added depending on requirements and the type of project.
The advantage of this procedure is that you take a very limited risk.
You can stop at practically any point if it is shown that something is still missing.
Or you can go directly into product development if the potential is proven.
This is not possible without 3D expertise.
Expertise is absolutely essential in 3D development in order to implement solutions using AR.
You need to know all about the concepts of how to work in 3D and how to create data with 3D or optimize existing data.
The application logic for creating scenery and developing user interfaces for them is completely different to the development of web or mobile apps.
A web front end or back end developer may be able to program in an AR environment.
But without prior knowledge he or she will spend a lot of time acquiring the skills that are needed for this area.
That is why we recommend working with experts as they are the only ones who can ask the important questions quickly and cost-efficiently and really clarify feasibility.
An example: A traditional developer at a company evaluates the Hololens based on a simple app that cannot deal efficiently with 3D data.
Because he wants to load a complex object and the app makes this impossible he considers the Hololens to be incapable of processing complex objects.
He rejects taking further steps as result of this experience.
However this judgement is incorrect because the Hololens can indeed deal with the complexity of up to half a million polygons.
This requires knowledge of modelling tools such as Blender 3D Studio Max AutoCAD and development frameworks like Unity 3D.
A concrete example of its performance is the representation of brain scans at Inselspital Bern using the Hololens which loads them onto the glasses on-demand.
AR has arrived.
It is now possible to realize AR applications that were unimaginable only a short time ago.
And it is possible to determine and justify the benefit of possible applications efficiently and cost-effectively with a few dozen days of work.
This is thanks to major advances in both the hardware and software stacks and the stable development framework.
Development is progressing rapidly for example with the appearance of the Apple ARKit in the autumn.
The consumer market will see some very good AR apps in the next six months.
Ikea for example has already announced an app that allows you to place furniture in your living space at home and to measure your living space simply using your telephone.
In the enterprise applications sector more glasses will follow the Hololens onto the marketplace and will drive the market forwards.
Hololens already offers very many functions and a high level of stability and so can be used to carry out its own feasibility studies.
Anyone who is already preparing now for the new AR platforms will be acquiring knowledge to further develop his or her business get ahead of competitors or even be able to offer new services or products in this future field.
Swiss IT Reseller no.
09 September 2017.
Augmented reality opens up new horizons in vocational education and training - Augmented reality opens up new horizons.
Sparks Blog 14 September 2017.
Augmented reality opens up new horizons in vocational education and training.
Augmented IT by Netcetera has developed a showcase for the use of augmented and mixed reality in the fields of vocational education and training for Bühler in Uzwil.
HoloLens enables students to explore the company's own grinding machines together directly in the classroom in 3D and at their original size.
They can move freely around the placed 3D object open the machine and disassemble it thereby deepening their understanding of its functionality and inner workings.
In addition participants from remote locations can be integrated into lessons regardless of location.
Thanks to ARKit the AR framework for iOS it is possible for apprentices to study the content on their usual devices at home or on the go on the iPad or iPhone.
Bühler is one of the most innovative companies in Switzerland offering high-class vocational training.
ClassUnlimited™ makes Bühler the leader in distance-independent teaching design which allows students to be trained across continents.
Yesterday we had the opportunity to present our showcase at the opening of the exhibition “ 10 Years of Apprentices Abroad ” where Reto Grob spoke on “Education in times of digitalization”.
The showcase for Bühler is based on our Augmented Reality Learning platform which is available for Microsoft HoloLens and Apple's ARKit and is coming soon to Google ARCore.
The AR learning platform is an interactive and collaborative 3D tool.
Linking the real world with virtual content opens up new horizons in education and training.
The superimposition of three-dimensional models enables learning content to be deepened and better understood as well as allowing for specific support for learners.
AR leads to an unprecedented visualization of objects and interactive content.
Immersive learning experiences lead to lasting and intensive knowledge gain and redefine the learning space.
Cutting-edge technologies to create innovative products - Presentations at ICT Innovations Conference 2017 in Skopje.
Skopje 28 September 2017.
Cutting-edge technologies to create innovative products.
Presentations at ICT Innovations Conference 2017 in Skopje.
On the 9th ICT Innovations conference 2017 in Skopje Macedonia three of our Senior Software Engineers presented how we exploit cutting edge technologies in order to create highly innovative products.
Pance Cavkovski presented “The things network” a community driven free LoRaWAN infrastructure and explained how users can utilize it working with well-known frameworks like Spring Boot and Eclipse Paho in order to create robust scalable and secure IoT solutions.
Talking about Conversational Interfaces and Machine Learning at Netcetera Martin Mitrevski discussed the challenges engineers face while creating these mobile apps.
And under the title “Extended reality” Zdravko Nikolovski presented the first projects being implemented in the field of Augmented Reality.
The presentations “Gluing the IoT world with Java and LoRaWAN” by Panche Chavkovski “Extended Reality” by Zdravo Nikolovski “Conversational Interfaces and Machine Learning @Netcetera” by Martin Mitrevski.
Talk to the experts.
Martin Mitrevski.
Senior Software Engineer +389 2 315 4498.
Statements by our expert Michael Seifert 12 December 2017.
Mixed Reality's big potential .
Our digital wallet for bank and credit card issuers - Presentation and article by Netcetera expert.
ToPay Mobile Wallet.
ToPay Secure Checkout 3-D Secure Issuer Service 3-D Secure Acquiring Products 06 October 2017.
Our digital wallet for bank and credit card issuers.
Presentation and article by our digital payment expert.
At the end of September 2017 our Innovation Summit on trend-setting payment solutions took place in Munich for already the 12th time.
Topics such as digitalisation of payment transactions mobile payments regulatory guidelines new players in the market and the positioning of various platforms were discussed.
Our Managing Director Digital Payments Kurt Schmid explained what our digital wallet does for banks and credit card issuers for payment with a smartphone at the point-of-sale and on the Internet.
Practically at the same time an interview with Kurt Schmid on this topic was published in the magazine Schweizer Bank .
The presentation Your Digital Payment Partner.
The article Alternativen zu Twint (PDF in German only Schweizer Bank issue 01.10.2017 page 24/25).
Innovation Summit 2015.
Presentation about innovative payment solutions 10 February 2015.
First start-up investment - Cognism: Sales-acceleration with machine learning engine.
Media release 10 January 2017.
Cognism is our first start-up investment.
Sales acceleration with machine learning engine.
We are leading the investment in Cognism a UK based start-up with Zurich based founder and international team from the UK Macedonia and Croatia.
Other notable investors include South Central Ventures Tsingbay Venture Capital Tom James James Hodson.
London/Macedonian-based start-up Cognism has secured $500,000 in seed investment to fund the development of its state-of-the-art solution that provides sales organisations with a more efficient and privacy compliant way to prospect customers.
The round which was led by us will be used to scale the Cognism team and further develop its core solution.
Several other institutional and angel investors participated in the round including.
SC Ventures.
Tsingbay Venture Capital Tom James James Hodson Usman Khan and others.
“Raising this round was an important step for us,” said James Isilay CEO Cognism.
“In the months ahead we’ll be investing heavily in the product itself to move toward a frictionless customer experience expand our ability to collect and reason about data at scale rapidly grow our data asset through strategic partnerships and introduce Cognism to more sales and marketing teams.” “We are excited to support Cognism on its mission to boost their customers’ sales with their impressive tech solution for delivering the right leads at the right time.
This investment also marks an important milestone for Netcetera because it presents our first official investment from our start-up initiative which we launched in the beginning of 2016,” stated Andrej Vckovski CEO of Netcetera.
He also added: “James and his team are also a brilliant example how a founder from Switzerland (James lives in Zurich) can build a great start-up with CTO from Croatia (CTO Stjepan is from Zadar) development from Macedonia (the team is based in Skopje) and sales in UK (London).
And to top it off we are leading the investment of truly international set of select co-investors – from China to Macedonia from Switzerland to UK.”.
Lead generation data enrichment and targeting prospects requires time effort and an ongoing investment.
All too often time and energy is spent on this phase of the sales process rather than on closing deals.
Data protection and legal restrictions on customer outreach are also rapidly evolving this further challenges the ability of sales teams to connect with customers.
To assist the sales cycle many companies especially those with limited resources are turning to automated sales-acceleration technology to improve the prospecting process and ensure outreach compliance in the target market.
“Our technology is built around automated machine learning algorithms that enable us to generate better lead data custom fitted to our customers.” said Stjepan Buljat CTO Cognism.
“We’re tapping sources of information that cannot be processed by a human workforce in real-time”.
To Cognism website.
Stimulating ideas.
We are investing in start-ups 27 January 2016.
The future of digital payment - Conversational Interfaces and Augmented Reality.
ToPay Secure Checkout 23 October 2017.
Conversational Interfaces and Augmented Reality.
Our experts Thomas Fromherz and Hugo Schotman show what the future of digital payment looks like in the following video (in German).
After a brief introduction into the history of paying Thomas Fromherz demonstrates a voice-controlled payment with an app.
The process is similar to a website.
Instead of tapping and clicking the commands you simply say them out loud into your smartphone.
Hugo Schotman then shows a few possibilities with the Hololens eg how public transport tickets can be easily and quickly checked.
Quick and secure access to all data - Information system for the University Hospital Basel.
Healthcare 25 October 2017.
Information system for the University Hospital Basel.
The fast smart and secure access to patient or case data is the key to more efficiency in the healthcare sector.
We have translated this complex task into a simple and user-friendly application for the University Hospital of Basel.
The result is an information system that makes daily work routine for doctors and nursing staff as simple as possible.
Software for Health Efficiency (S.H.E.) is a modular system for data management.
It integrates three areas: the patient archive viewer provides the user with quick and easy access to relevant information the findings app notifies the doctors and nursing staff about new reports no matter where they are in the hospital and the dashboard integrates access to all systems.
The S.H.E.
contributes to greater efficiency and comfort which allows the hospital staff at.
University Hospital Basel to focus on patient care.
Need more information about this project?
Cooperating with the WORLDWEBFORUM - Strategic partner for Augmented Reality.
HoloLens 08 November 2017.
Strategic partner for Augmented Reality.
We are a partner of the WORLDWEBFORUM.
This business conference brings together C-level executives pioneers and visionaries from all over the world to discuss chances and risks of digitization.
We are helping to design the program of the WORLDWEBFORUM: we exclusively presents the vertical augmented reality (AR) and will also be on site as a speaker.
As a partner of the WORLDWEBFORUM Netcetera introduces the new hot topic — augmented reality.
AR is more than just video games: Netcetera shows visitors the potential of AR for business applications and new associated business models and why AR will impact nearly every industry.
In the words of Andrej Vckovski Netcetera's CEO: “Augmented reality is going to be as big as the smartphone.
Stay ahead of the curve.
Because the question isn't if augmented reality will catch on but rather when.”.
As focus topics of the vertical AR Netcetera presents how AR supports technicians with instructions which new horizons it opens up in the field of medicine and how it shapes education and training into something impressive and interactive.
Among others Bob Summer Associate Director & Principal Research Scientist at Disney Research and Martin Splitt Head of Engineering at Archilogic were brought on board as speakers by Netcetera.
AR to boost business.
Netcetera has already implemented various AR projects and is doing continuous research on applications relevant for business.
At the Inselspital University Hospital of Bern Netcetera is testing new HoloLens applications in the field of neurosurgery such as visualizing the results of an examination (for instance a CT scan) and planning the appropriate surgical procedure.
The project for the company Bühler showcases exactly how AR can unlock new potential in vocational training: Using HoloLens glasses and without leaving the classroom students can view the company's grinding machines on-site in 3D and in actual size and even open and disassemble them to better understand what they do and how they work.
Applications in the fields of maintenance and training have already been successfully tested together with SBB the Swiss national railway company.
Fabian Hedinger founder and CEO of the WORLDWEBFORUM: “We are proud to have Netcetera on board as a strategic partner for the AR vertical.
Netcetera is a software company that contributes a wealth of experience from business-relevant AR projects.”.
WORLDWEBFORUM 2018 announces „End of Nation“.
The WORLDWEBFORUM is the leading business conference in Switzerland for digital transformation and thought leadership takes place on 18 and 19 January 2018.
High-caliber entrepreneurs and investors from Silicon Valley and around the world as well as Federal Councilor Johann Schneider-Ammann will perform at the WORLDWEBFORUM in front of more than 1,500 visitors.
The theme of the conference is End of Nation - the end of the nation .
The focus of the annual conference is in exchange with digital champions from Silicon Valley and around the world.
On the second day of the event industry-specific problems for digital transformation in verticals will be discussed.
These are dedicated to topics such as Finance/Blockchain Food Chain Retail Augmented Reality Internet of Things Digitimmo Future of Work Responsive City Tourism and Cloud.
6th WORLDWEBFORUM: 18 and 19 January 2018 Stage One Elias-Canetti-Strasse 146 8050 Zurich.
Tickets are still available.
Talk to our experts.
AugmentIT by Netcetera.
How Blockchain changes healthcare - Presentation by our expert Elena Karafiloski.
Blockchain 09 November 2017.
Presentation by our expert Elena Karafiloski.
Elena Karafiloski talked about “Blockchain in Healthcare” at the Deephealth conference in Zürich in October 2017.
She presented how Blockchain can redefine trust and provide a way of direct value exchange how it can disturb all the industries with some real world application examples.
Blockchain has the potential to transform Healthcare systems.
She also proposed a solution for managing Electronic Healthcare Record transactions on Blockchain where the patient is the owner of his healthcare data.
She joined the other presenters for a panel discussion with questions from the audience.
To the presentation about Blockchain in healthcare by Elena Karafiloski.
More about the conference Deephealth.
Digital identity on n-blocks.
New economy of digital identity 09 September 2019.
New partnership in the Middle East.
Teaming up with NEM for strong blockchain market position 17 December 2018.
Start-up Blokverse launched.
Blockchain platform to manage digital education credentials 13 February 2018.
Silver in Augmented Reality - Cubic Warfare wins at Best of Swiss App Award.
HoloLens 16 November 2017.
Cubic Warfare wins at Best of Swiss App Award.
The 3D action game Cubic Warfare wins a silver Award in the new category Augmented Reality at the Best of Swiss Apps Award 2017.
More information on the award and the winners of 2017.
Mehr über das Cubic Warfare Game.
Read the news on our.
Augment IT website.
Talk to the Cubic Warfare programmer.
New horizons in vocational training - AR showcase for Bühler.
HoloLens 17 November 2017.
AR showcase for Bühler.
HoloLens enables students to explore the company’s own grinding machines together directly in the classroom in 3D and at their original size.
They can move freely around the placed 3D object open the machine and disassemble it thereby deepening their understanding of its functionality and inner workings.
More about this AR showcase.
Watch the sequence about the Bühler showcase in the Swiss TV science program Einstein.
Talk to our AR experts.
WORLDWEBFORUM.
Augmented Reality opens up new horizons 24 January 2018.
News from the payment industry - Our experts‘ insights about the future of payment.
ToPay Mobile Wallet 3-D Secure Acquiring Products 20 November 2017.
News from the payment industry.
Our experts‘ insights about the future of payment.
The future of payment mobile payment trends blockchain and the impact of biometrics on digital payment are some of the top issues that move the payment industry.
Three of our payment experts shared their knowledge at the Swiss Payment Forum the conference for the payment industry in Switzerland.
Peter Frick our Managing Director Payment Security, about 3-D Secure 2.0.
Dr Thomas Fromherz our Chief Strategy Officer Payment, about the payment landscape in Switzerland.
Kurt Schmid our Managing Director Digital Payments, about the future of payment.
In addition Thomas Fromherz reveals the latest e-payment trends and assesses the chances of the Swiss solution Twint in his interview with the magazine M & K.
Read the article in German here (PDF).
More about the Swiss Payment Forum.
Talk to our Payment experts.
Peter Frick.
Managing Director Secure Digital Payments +41 44 297 58 49.
Zürich 3-D Secure Issuer Service 3-D Secure Acquiring Products.
New app for NZZ - Reading recommendations watch lists & infos of the day.
Media release iOS.
Android 22 November 2017.
Individual reading recommendations watch lists & most important information of the day.
The completely redesigned NZZ News app is now available in the App stores.
We have adapted it for NZZ to the new design of NZZ.ch and added additional functions.
The NZZ News App for iOS and Android shines in the new design of NZZ.ch.
In addition to the classic view we have enriched the new section My NZZ together with.
NZZ with additional functions.
For example registered users find briefings of the most important information of the day that are being updated several times during the day as well as a watch list function to store articles in their personal account.
In addition the app offers individually compiled reading recommendations with particularly relevant topics.
It helps users find articles that are of interest to them faster.
These recommendations are based on the one hand on editorial assessment on the other hand on the individual reading behavior.
With the combination of curated content and the new My NZZ section we offer our readers a unique reading experience in the usual NZZ quality, explains Eric Gujer editor-in-chief of the Neue Zürcher Zeitung .
We implemented the app with.
ReactNative a cross-platform mobile development technology.
All new functions are cross-device and always available on NZZ.ch.
For example the new NZZ Digital subscription offers access to the contents of the NZZ app for CHF 20/month.
Subscriptions are available in the NZZ subscription shop.
The app can be downloaded here in app stores:
App for iOS.
App for Android.
Mixed Reality's big potential - Our expert Reto grob evaluates its real added value.
HoloLens 23 November 2017.
Mixed Reality's big potential.
Our expert Reto Grob evaluating its real added value.
Our AR expert Reto Grob explains how Mixed Reality generates real added value and presents some examples.
Want to learn how to tap into this trending technology's potential for your business? Check out.
Reto Grob's presentation at the Swiss ICT Symposium in November 2017.
Find videos and examples of business relevant projects here.
Go to Augment IT.
Talk to our AR expert.
The battle for conversational interfaces - When is a voice controlled interface the right choice?
Conversational Interfaces 07 December 2017.
When is a voice controlled interface the right choice?
Conversational interfaces are sometimes very useful but the acoustic language is not always the best option.
We may sometimes overestimate the acoustic language without realizing that we often communicate better and more efficiently by other means.
Learn more in the In the Code article by our CI expert Michael Wechner published on inside-it.ch.
There is a war raging between the tech giants for supremacy in conversational interfaces.
The winners can collect even more data which allows for better understanding of the user behavior.
But what is the benefit of a conversational interface for the user? The poet Carl Sandburg wrote in 1936 “Sometime they'll give a war and nobody will come”.
Is the conversational interface just a hype driven by the fight for survival among the tech giants? To answer the question about the benefit to the user it helps to ask “why do people even speak”? Language is a form of communication with which one exchanges information.
Information sharing is a mode of survival.
MRI scans of the human brain show that the same reward system is active in the brain during sex eating and sharing information.
Languages have evolved because they help us to survive.
The conclusion is: We should not implement conversational interfaces just for the sake of language but ask ourselves “what helps us to survive”? The use of language follows as an automatic consequence.
In the following sections we are giving some examples to demonstrate this finding.
Voice interface versus button.
Suppose we fly back from a business trip and want to get home from the airport as fast as possible.
However we don't know when the next train leaves or whether we have to hurry to the airport train station.
If we had a human assistant who knew the train schedule by heart we would ask him when the next train was leaving for home.
The assistant would reply “there's a train in 13 minutes that we can still catch but we'll have to hurry” or “a train just left and the next one leaves in 40 minutes.
So we can take our time getting off the plane now”.
Many mobile train schedule apps now have a “Take me home” button.
This means that the app knows where we live and thanks to the geo-location feature we'll receive a suggestion for the departure of the next trains at the push of a button.
If we are still on board the plane we'll probably prefer to use the “Take me home” button rather than the voice interface.
It's efficient and the other passengers nearby won't hear where we live.
But if we are already on the way to the train station with luggage in both hands we would be glad to have a voice interface.
CI uses for shopping.
For some time Amazon has been using.
Amazon Go to digitize the offline purchasing process.
It is likely that Amazon will use this process in the grocery chain Whole Foods which it took over in the summer of 2017 for.
USD 13.7 billion.
The offline “end-to-end shopping process” may be all digital in the future.
Customers make their shopping list when they are either at home or traveling based on their mobile voice interface .
When entering the store the shopping list is arranged according to the shop layout.
Augmented Reality on the mobile helps the customers to find their products and get additional product information.
The mobile app syncs automatically when a product is put into the actual shopping cart and the customers no longer have to wait at a checkout but can conveniently pay via the mobile app as they leave the store.
The voice interface is just a piece of the puzzle in this process.
It makes sense to use a conversational interface when entering the shopping list as it is very efficient.
Talking to a robot in the elevator.
People with muscular atrophy have progressive muscle weakness.
Modern medicines may slow down the progress but not stop it.
Preserving the quality of life as long as possible is the main aim.
This includes the use of a robotic arm that is attached to the wheelchair and controlled by a joystick.
The robotic arm can be used for example to choose the floor number in an elevator.
In this case an elevator with a voice interface would be the simplest solution but not every elevator will be equipped with a voice interface in the near future.
A possible intermediate solution would be a robotic arm with voice interface and image recognition.
If the person in the elevator could tell the robotic arm «please go to the 2nd floor» the robotic arm would automatically search for the control panel and press the button for the 2nd floor.
Are conversational interfaces overrated?
The described applications show that conversational interfaces are sometimes very useful but the acoustic language is not always the best option.
We may sometimes overestimate the acoustic language without realizing that we often communicate better and more efficiently by other means.
Good alternatives are shown for example in motion.
Nature has created legs and fins.
However humans have developed wheels propellers and jet nozzles that are more efficient than legs or fins depending on the field of application.
It therefore makes sense to first identify the actual problem and then to find the best solution for it.
Learning from babies.
Back to the question then as to why we humans speak.
What options does a newborn child have to communicate? If it is hungry or in pain or wants something else? How often do we see screaming kids and the parents don't know why they are screaming.
How else can the child communicate apart from using gestures and behaviors that can be seen? Do we learn to speak due to a lack of other choices?
Toddlers learn about 50 words on average between 18 and 24 months old.
From then on usually the so-called vocabulary explosion begins.
This means that the vocabulary is significantly enlarged in a relatively short time and the children begin to form whole sentences.
There are possible explanations for the vocabulary explosion for example the Fast Mapping Theory or the research of Bob McMurray even though the scientific and research worlds don't seem to be able to find a consensus.
Maybe also because the topic was not relevant enough up to this point.
Like toddlers we are currently learning our first words for the development of conversational interfaces and trying to form whole sentences.
The tech giants' fight for survival supports this development.
It is still difficult to estimate exactly if and when the explosion will take place.
But it's exactly this unpredictability that makes the topic of conversational interfaces exciting!
What the users are saying: Joint study with Zeix.
Zeix and Netcetera have jointly conducted a user survey.
It relies on a voice-based train schedule app developed by Netcetera as a prototype.
The key findings are:
The users often do not know what and how to ask.
The expectations of interfaces with voice input vary between minimum and huge.
The frustration potential is correspondingly high.
More complex conversational interfaces require in part high cognitive skills in the processing of the conversation.
Most of the time artificial intelligence is not yet sufficient.
Most users would not reuse the interface after a disappointing experience.
Very simple conversational interfaces work well which don't need any special cognitive skills in the backend.
Interfaces with voice input are especially useful in situations where someone's hands are not free.
Therefore any obstacles to opening the interface should preferably be kept at a minimum.
The full study is available here (in German).
Behind the scenes: read about the functionality of a voice controlled timetabling app:
Voice controlled timetabling app.
When things start to pay themselves - Statements by our expert Michael Seifert.
Internet of Things 12 December 2017.
Statements by our expert Michael Seifert.
The linking of networked devices ie the Internet of Things with payment functions is the next logical step for experts.
The challenges of paying through the IoT are user-friendliness globality and security.
Read the statements by our expert Michael Seifert in the article If things start to pay themselves (publication Lead DIGITAL of 15 November 2017 in German only).
IoT und Bezahlfunktion.pdf.
Size: 1303.6 KB.
'Alles Blau' podcast by Caroline Palla - Netcetera Cultura supports Zurich artist.
Zürich 14 December 2017.
Alles Blau podcast by Caroline Palla.
Netcetera Cultura supports Zurich artist.
Netcetera supports Alles Blau a podcast by the Zurich artist and screenwriter Caroline Palla.
In the tiny talk booth in Pallas’ studio Swiss artists tell their stories.
These are not only very personal but also build on the societal context.
The artist emphasizes how different her guests are.
For example some see themselves as part of an artistic collective others have something of a lone wolf.
So far there are eight episodes of Alles Blau .
Caroline Palla on Alles Blau : The one-on-one interview the personal narrative is a specific form of knowledge generation in the tradition of Oral History .
Each episode of Alles Blau is a puzzle piece that contributes to a larger whole.
This creates a many-voiced picture of our time a time capsule that is relevant to us now and for generations to come.
Alles Blau is available on this website and in the iTunes Store in German and can be subscribed to through all major podcast apps (Apple Podcast Podcast Addict etc.).
Caroline Palla (left) and Monika Stalder.
Caroline Palla (right) and Thomas Müllenbach.
Digital Payment and 3-D Secure - Presentation by our expert Martin Mendel.
ToPay Secure Checkout.
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub 15 December 2017.
Digital Payment and 3-D Secure.
Presentation by our expert Martin Mendel.
Our Sales & Business Development Manager CEE Martin Mendel presented how we enable convenient and secure digital shopping at Cardsession in Prague Czech Republic in December 2017.
Cardsession is one of the most significant conferences in the field of payment systems cards and technology in the Central Europe.
Martin Mendel demonstrated our comprehensive offer in digital payment:
For credit card issuers and banks: secure payment thanks to our 3-D Secure Services.
For customers: the digital wallet for convenient and secure online shopping and mobile contactless payment.
Check out our use cases and applications:
Presentation on Slideshare.
Martin Mendel.
Sales & Business Development Manager CEE +420 774 731 599.
Augmented Reality for marketing - Devices possibilities and new business models.
HoloLens 19 December 2017.
Devices possibilities and new business models.
Does AR/MR create value for marketing? Our AR expert Reto Grob and Reto Senn from bitforge provided the participants of the SOMEXcircle in December 2018 with an overview of devices and possibilities.
The experts showed how AR can be used today and the high potential of the technology.
In the practical part participants learned how they can develop 3D models and their own solutions.
To the presentation about AR for marketing on Slideshare.
Digital Prototyping Workshop - Learn rapid prototyping.
Prototyping.
Product Management.
Zürich 19 February 2018.
Develop digital prototypes quickly and easily.
In this workshop you will learn tools and ways to quickly and digitally communicate an idea.
The heart of Design Thinking and Agile Development is working with prototypes.
You can achieve success faster if you review your assumptions early and on an ongoing basis with users allowing you to continually adapt improve and grow significantly.
For digital products there are many easy-to-use tools to quickly and easily create digital prototypes.
In the Digital Protoyping Workshop you will be equipped with the tools to quickly turn ideas and concepts into mock-ups that can be displayed on tablets mobile phones or the web.
So you can quickly and easily present your ideas to your boss customers and work colleagues.
Useful for.
Anyone who wants to quickly turn an idea into a clickable prototype: project leaders developers creatives etc.
The workshop is suitable for beginners and intermediates in the field of digital prototypes.
Agenda.
Part 1:
Storyboards : How do I form the core of my idea without already designing the user interface of an application.
Part 2:
Digital Paper Prototypes : Using paper pen and mobile phone to experience an app.
Part 3:
Wireframes and mock-ups : Creating a simple mock-up which already conveys the look and feel of the application.
Facts.
Date:
Tuesday March 20 2018 08:30 until 17:00.
Aperitif afterwards.
Venue:
Innoveto.
Kitchen Maag Areal Zurich.
Language:
German.
Price:
SFr.
520.00.
If you contact us before registration we can give away a discount code worth SFr.
100.00.
You will learn:
How do I quickly show digitally what my future service will be?
What are the methods and instruments that make it easy to prototype?
Digital prototype of a self-determined project.
New exciting contacts.
An Innoveto certificate.
Instructors:
Adrian Heydecker.
Adrian is User Experience Architect at Netcetera.
He earns his daily bread by designing digital customer experiences and building prototypes.
Adrian works in a software development company and has the necessary practical knowledge to bridge the gap between innovation design and development.
Niklaus Moor.
As a studied social psychologist Niklaus has always been interested in how to create inspiring customer experiences.
He headed numerous innovation projects at Swisscom established the Swisscom Labs open innovation platform and was responsible for the customer experience of Swisscom TV 2.0 as a design thinking specialist.
He has been with Innoveto since 2014.
Questions? I'm here to help:
Head of UX +41 44 297 57 59.
Visit us at Money20/20 in Amsterdam - Your Digital Payment partner.
Your Digital Payment partner.
Mobile Banking 3-D Secure Acquiring Products 3-D Secure Issuer Service.
Sales & Business Development 02 May 2018.
Visit us at Money20/20 in Amsterdam 4 – 6 June.
You want to know more about our innovative payment products? Visit us at.
Money20/20 at RAI Amsterdam on.
June 4 – 6 2018 booth B90.
We are looking forward to discussing your requirements regarding digital payment and card solutions.
We offer innovative digital payment solutions with a strong focus on convenience security and mobile use.
More than 1,000 banking institutions and payment card issuers rely on our high-quality products for 3-D Secure mobile contactless payment digital wallets risk-based authentication digital banking apps and more.
We operate 24/7 PCI-certified digital payment services covering all major card networks and serving over 25 million cards.
Your payment contacts:
Swisscanto Invest product platform - Publish fund information quickly & easily.
Financial Technology 11 January 2018.
Publish fund information quickly & easily.
Fund providers are required to publish all information on their funds for their investors online and as PDFs.
As a result Swisscanto Invest by the Zürcher Kantonalbank has to make thousands of documents available in four languages.
We have developed the product platform Swisscanto Invest for this purpose.
This platform compiles various document formats from different parties sorts the contained data augments it with additional information and presents it on the website.
This makes it possible to publish legally required information quickly easily and independently.
The new product platform processes thousands of documents.
This allows Swisscanto Invest by the Zürcher Kantonalbank to publish all information on its funds that needs to be made public for investors in accordance with the law.
The search function goes from the corporate website directly to the new product platform searching various data sources.
Users can quickly filter and sort results from over 2,000 funds.
The data for the platform is aggregated in the Zürcher Kantonalbank system and the documents are then delivered to Netcetera.
The platform checks the files from various sources for errors missing data and differences from the previous files (approx.
20,000 references are processed in a couple of milliseconds).
Errors are reported directly back to the responsible authorities at the Zürcher Kantonalbank.
After a successful check the platform compiles the information appropriately in the four national languages and displays them in a user-friendly format on the platform.
The system also presents additional information on the individual funds and associated publications.
Thomas Best product platform department head at the Zürcher Kantonalbank says: The new solution is very user-friendly and stable.
It simplifies the publication of the prepared fund information tremendously.
This platform has replaced an application that's been in use for over 10 years.
At the same time we've linked the platform to the Zürcher Kantonalbank systems for stronger integration.
The design was also adapted.
Swisscanto Invest corporate website with search fields to access the product platform.
The Swisscanto Invest product platform with the list of all the funds.
Fund details and graphs about performance created by the product platform.
Graphs with Portfolio information.
Markus Vaterlaus.
Senior Project Manager & Consultant +41 44 297 57 50.
CREALOGIX E-Banking for VZ Depotbank.
A single portal for asset management and E-Banking 06 September 2016.
WORLDWEBFORUM - Augmented Reality opens up new horizons.
Augmented Reality 24 January 2018.
Augmented Reality opens up new horizons.
As a partner of the WORLDWEBFORUM Netcetera introduced the topic Augmented Reality (AR) and organized a vertical about this topic.
Visitors of the WORLDWEBFORUM enjoyed hands-on demos of our AR-solutions.
These ranged from the Bühler showcase exploring the company’s own grinding machines the neurosurgery showcase of Inselspital Bern visualizing the results of an examination and planning the appropriate surgical procedure and a maintenance showcase in the industry detecting errors and optimizing processes.
our vertical we showed the potential of AR for business applications and new associated business models and why AR will impact nearly every industry.
Speakers from Unity Google ETH Zurich Game Technology Center Microsoft Archilogic and ZHAW School of Engineering Visual Computing Lab discussed augmented reality solutions and how AR creates value today and tomorrow.
The WORLDWEBFORUM is the leading business conference in Switzerland for digital transformation and thought leadership.
It took place on 18 and 19 January 2018.
High-caliber entrepreneurs and investors from Silicon Valley and around the world as well as Federal Councilor Johann Schneider-Ammann performed at the WORLDWEBFORUM in front of more than 1,500 visitors.
A visitor tries the HoloLens Microsoft’s mixed reality headset.
Philipp Ackermann head of the Visual Computing Lab at the ZHAW School of Engineering held the opening speech.
Rafael Perez and Reto Grob show the potential of AR.
Reto Grob showed how you can create value in healthcare maintenance and education.
Gabriele Brechbühl Netcetera together with Stephan Brode BLT Baselland Transport AG.
Gabriele Brechbühl Netcetera together with Arno Stark ewz.
Something to sweeten the day.
Integrate User Experience - Practical examples from software development.
User Experience 01 February 2018.
Practical examples from software development.
A good user experience and a simple intuitive usability are very important for the success and acceptance of a software.
Nevertheless many software companies have difficulty integrating user experience design into their development process.
Software has to be intuitive and easy to use.
This requirement is listed in every specification.
But what exactly does that mean? And how can an intuitive usability be achieved? Speakers Marcel Kessler Head of User Experience Team Netcetera and Philipp Murkowsky Head of User Experience Team.
Puzzle ITC gave answers to these questions at the Guild42.ch event at the end of January.
With concrete practical examples they showed how designers and developers can successfully work together from acquisition to final acceptance.
Go to the presentation about UX.
Talk to our UX expert.
Marcel Kessler.
UX Architect +41 31 740 75 73.
New guidelines in the payment area bring changes - Statements of our expert Bernhard Binz.
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub 3-D Secure Issuer Service.
Mobile Banking 3-D Secure Acquiring Products.
Munich 06 February 2018.
Statements of our expert Bernhard Binz.
In conversation with six other experts our payment expert Bernhard Binz discussed the impact of the new EU payment service provider regulations PSD2.
These regulations run the risk of making online and mobile transactions less comfortable than before.
Therefore the experts discussed different authentication methods security and usability issues.
Read the statements of our expert Bernhard Binz on the subject in the article Die Karten werden neu gemischt (“Re-shuffling the cards” published in German only in Banken + Partner 5/2017).
Banken+Partner-5-2017.pdf.
Size: 6.3 MB.
Bernhard Binz.
Sales Director +49 89 244 14 87 52.
New business cases for new times - Presentation by our expert Rafael Pérez Süess.
Zürich 09 February 2018.
Presentation by our expert Rafael Pérez Süess.
Our Head of Business Development Rafael Perez Süess explained at the Inside Channels Forum in the beginning of February in Aarau Switzerland how we are conquering new innovative business fields.
New technologies are constantly emerging and market needs are changing accordingly.
In order to remain innovative we are constantly adapting our offer.
Our answer to this is an internal innovation process that consists of the following three phases: “Research & Development” “Innovation Transfer” and “Business”.
Rafael Pérez Süess explains this process with reference to one of our five innovation focuses the exciting field of Augmented Reality .
Presentation New Business Cases for New Times on Slideshare.
More about our competences.
Insights from our Director Sales Vlado Galevski 05 May 2020.
Mobile xR - Whatever is missing is on the way.
HoloLens 12 February 2018.
Whatever is missing is on the way.
VR AR MR – for many non-experts these terms are easy to confuse.
Meanwhile another technological revolution is bearing down on us under the umbrella term of Extended Reality or xR.
For mobile devices Virtual Augmented or Mixed Reality applications are already a reality in a variety of different forms.
(Published in Swiss IT Magazine issue 01-02).
In order to find your way around the world of Extended Reality it is well worth knowing the differences between each of the above terms although there is no clear-cut generally accepted differentiation.
Virtual Reality (VR) refers to a world beyond the one that we can physically see; it is generated by a computer.
In this case there is a clear separation between the two types of reality.
The user is totally surrounded by this world and is meanwhile totally cut off from the real world.
Depending on the application the user may be able to interact with the objects and events in the VR world.
When realities merge.
Augmented Reality (AR) is a computer-generated extension of the real world using information and images.
You can watch visible reality via a smartphone (more rarely at present using AR glasses and headsets) while the device recognizes an object you are looking at in the real world (for example a historic building) and displays some text about it.
To do this mobile devices need to be equipped with a good camera movement sensors and a powerful CPU.
Finally Mixed Reality (MR) is a stronger version of AR.
In this the physical reality is further merged with the virtual (VR) Reality.
The user can embed computer-generated items in real surroundings walk around them and manipulate them interactively.
VR AR and MR are referred to jointly under the umbrella term of Extended Reality (xR).
Mobile xR is the term for its implementation on smartphones and tablets.
These devices are already widely available and this allows mobile xR applications to spread rapidly.
For effective Mixed Reality applications headsets or glasses are better (such as Microsoft's Hololens Google Glass or Magic Leap One).
Where are we now? 1982: Damien Broderick referred to Virtual Reality for the first time in his science fiction novel.
The Judas Mandala .
And 35 years on? In an edition of the Swiss weekly Schweiz am Wochenende in December 2017 the Silicon Valley correspondent called virtual reality a missed revolution.
Obviously the initial euphoria has evaporated.
Not because the technology has basically failed to deliver but because everything is moving a lot faster and the VR glasses it requires are still relatively cumbersome.
Augmented and Mixed Reality which build on it have already left pure virtual Reality behind.
Nevertheless the sector is still made fun off.
People claim that it is playing around rather than serious research and development.
Practical applications already exist.
All areas of Extended Reality are based to put it simply on technologies that are not so very new.
3D data and game engines.
Virtual Reality is also mainly at home in computer games.
This is where digital interaction between humans and computers occurs.
In Augmented Reality and Mixed Reality in addition to the human and the computer it is the surroundings or the real world that join in as a third dimension.
With AR you are for the main part still moving in a two-dimensional area because the mobile devices used to display it have traditional 2D screens.
ARKit and ARCore.
Many people still remember the Peakfinder app from 2010 a unique very expensive pioneer in the Stone Age of AR.
Today's mobile devices are already equipped with much more highly developed basic frameworks like ARKit or ARCore from Apple or Google.
They form the basis and shorten the path to totally new mobile apps as you can use them to develop faster and cheaper applications.
An example is the Ikea Place furniture catalog for the iPhone and iPad.
While the camera shows your own living room you can choose a virtual armchair from the catalog and add it to the image so you can judge for yourself whether the size and color will fit with the place you have in mind.
ARKit still has its shortcomings – for example recognition of surfaces in the room does not always work well.
Space recognition and positioning still needs to be noticeably more precise.
Nevertheless Apple has got ahead of the pack in the mobile xR world.
Android has good technical AR frameworks but these are not as widely available as on iOS and Google will need to make a huge effort to catch up.
Many uses in education industry and marketing.
The descriptions of the following research and pilot projects are simplified and they are representative of thousands of similar prototypes worldwide.
Medical students will in future learn human anatomy from a virtual patient lying on the table in front of them with the organs and body parts labeled on the screen.
This reduces the cognitive burden of understanding the 3D representation.
That allows them to focus on the functions instead of the interpretation of 2D images.
This means faster learning and better quality learning.
Overall the technology opens up completely new options in education.
Students do not all have to be in the same place.
For example they can see a virtual object in front of them on a table which they can turn and open following the teacher's instructions.
For the maintenance of railway carriages technicians can for example walk round the carriage while the AR application shows them the items to be inspected in their current condition and what they should look like stores the history and even generates a paperless invoice Or to carry out a repair they can connect live to a colleague at headquarters who is an expert and can show them the procedure on their tablet.
This improves the quality of maintenance and the cost effectiveness of the maintenance assignment.
Finally an apartment purchaser can have the interior decorator show them what the finished kitchen could look like while they are standing in the shell of the building by pointing a tablet at the relevant location.
As part of a pilot project with the Swiss railways (SBB) you can already take a virtual walk on your smartphone through the main station in Zurich.
The list of the many other opportunities for tourism marketing media and entertainment is well beyond the scope of this article.
3-D visualization of brain tumor with HoloLens.
Visualization of what an old ship looked like with the HoloLens.
Headsets and glasses: not if just when.
Although xR glasses could certainly be improved in many ways the question is not whether they will come but when.
They are particularly suitable for MR applications while Augmented Reality as we already mentioned is more at home on mobile phones and tablets.
For solution providers what will make or break them will be how they generally deal with the topic of xR.
From the point of view of software and content the companies most likely to succeed in the long term are those that understand the whole gamut of Extended Reality as a continuum and perhaps even adopt it as their core identity – unlike those that focus on a fixed point in this continuum.
Especially in the business world there is huge potential for xR as the example applications described above demonstrate.
Although specific applications are already on the market there is still a need for improvement in both hardware and software – for example comfortable glasses field of view voice recognition eye tracking gesture control and performance.
But just sitting back and waiting is not the right approach.
You can already deduce from today's xR glasses how they will work in future prepare for it and gain some important insights.
Where is this heading?
Like any technology revolution Extended Reality brings opportunities and risks.
One thing is certain: the boundaries between what we know physically and virtual reality will disappear one day.
It will no longer be either/or ; we will transition seamlessly between the real world and the computer generated world.
One day children will also play discover and be amazed in Mixed Reality.
At the Game Technology Center of the Zurich Federal Institute of Technology a team led by Bob Sumner is researching Augmented Creativity.
Figures in painting books come to life and visits to the Art Museum become a creative game for children rather than a boring duty.
How will we learn to handle all this? Will we still be able to distinguish the real world from the artificial one? How will it affect our memories: what was real and what was not? Mobile phones could become obsolete in the not-too-distant future.
We will develop services that we cannot even imagine today and use them via mobile xR.
With so much uncertainty and so many new things getting advice from experts is becoming more and more important.
Because as so often the question will be whether all these possibilities are actually useful.
Start-up Blokverse launched - Blockchain platform to manage digital education credentials.
Media release 13 February 2018.
Blockchain platform to manage digital education credentials.
We launched the Netcetera spin-off Blokverse.
Blokverse focuses on bringing decentralization to the mainstream by delivering solutions using distributed ledger technology (eg blockchain).
The start-up brings “Attainr” an education credentials platform to the market.
Blokverse is a Netcetera spin-off founded to bring the DLT based platform Attainr to the market.
Attainr is a secure full-fledged platform to manage digital education credentials.
It addresses the challenges in the field of education with the merits of decentralization: secure tamper-proof creation and issuance of digital credentials which then can be easily verified by the relying parties.
The platform Attainr covers all these aspects: secure and reliable creation and issuance of credentials for the education providers full control of their accomplishments for the recipients quick and verifiable source for the relying parties.
We see great potential in a DLT’s decentralized approach to process validate or authenticate transactions.
It enables the distribution of data between all parties in the system instead of only to the participants of a transaction.
These inherent attributes of DLT are a great fit for the modern era’s education philosophy of lifelong learning.
Applying benefits of DLT to address current needs “DLTs have been a hype topic in the past few years and everyone was talking about it.
We actually implemented a real-life platform that addresses current needs and benefits from DLT characteristics such as immutability and distribution.
With the launch of the spin-off Blokverse we are focusing our activities in this area with a dedicated company.” says Andrej Vckovski CEO Netcetera.
Vladimir Simjanoski co-founder of Blokverse and former Netcetera management team member says: We believe that a proper application of distributed ledger technology (and blockchain in particular) has a great potential for a significant socio-economic impact.
In the next few months we are set to deploy our Attainr platform for the management of digital educational credentials.
Based on the merits of decentralization Attainr addresses the long lasting challenges in the field of education: secure tamper-proof creation and issuance of digital credentials which are easily verified by the relying parties.
It is very exciting for us to contribute to the already wide array of offerings that the Netcetera companies provide.
Igor Simjanoski co-founder and CTO of Blokverse adds: We're taking a serious look at various blockchain solutions: from public to permissioned taking into account the underlying economic and technological implications.
The particular context mandates the requirements and drives the respective approach.
It is our goal to deliver a flexible platform on top of the open standards that works in a different set of circumstances.
To the Blokverse website.
Meet us at job fairs in spring 2018 - Where to find us.
Bitola.
Ohrid 16 February 2018.
March 4.
ETH Kontaktparty in Zürich.
April 18.
April 23.
Sprungbrett-Event \ufeff in our offices in Bern.
April 25.
Macedonia.
February 26 – March 3.
CodeApp Level UP in Skopje.
March 12 – 14.
Job Fair in Skopje.
March 31.
JavaSkop in Skopje.
April 3 – 5.
Kontakt in Skopje.
Triff uns an Jobmessen im Frühling 2018 - Wo du uns findest.
Ohrid 16.
Februar 2018.
Wo du uns findest.
Schweiz 4.
März.
ETH Kontaktparty in Zürich 18.
April.
NTB Stellenbörsetag in Buchs SG 23.
April.
Sprungbrett-Event \ufeff in unseren Büros in Bern 25.
April.
Mazedonien 26.
Februar – 3.
März.
CodeApp Level UP in Skopje 12.
– 14.
März.
Job Fair in Skopje 31.
März.
JavaSkop in Skopje 3.
– 5.
April.
Wir freuen uns dich zu treffen!
Unsere offenen Stellen.
Vielleicht interessiert dich auch.
Zufriedene und motivierte Mitarbeitende.
Der Arbeitgeber muss nachhaltig Jobs sichern können 30.
Juni 2014.
Co-Innovation mit der NZZ.
Einblick in gemeinsam gemeisterte digitale Herausforderung 25.
Oktober 2019.
Erfolgsfaktoren für KI im Unternehmen 03.
Oktober 2019.
Scratch und Augmented Reality für Kinder.
Zukunftstag 2018 09.
November 2018.
Ein Blick hinter die Kulissen der Jazoon.
Interview mit unserem Software Engineer Alex Striffeler 27.
Juli 2018.
CodeFu 2018 – Das grosse Finale 12.
Ausgabe des legendären Programmierwettbewerbs 07.
Juni 2018.
Erfolg am Google Hash Code Wettbewerb!
Wir erreichten den neunten Platz von 5000 Teams 30.
April 2018.
Blockchain dringt in alle Branchen.
Elena Karafiloski zeigt Beispiele in Gesundheit & Bildung 27.
März 2018.
Digitale Revolution im Arbeitsalltag.
AR und CI Workshop in Liechtenstein 26.
März 2018.
Die Chancen von Open Banking.
Vortrag von Peter Zuber am Open Banking Forum 23.
März 2018.
Digital Prototyping Workshops.
Lernen sie Rapid Prototyping kennen 19.
Februar 2018.
Neue Business Cases für neue Zeiten.
Vortrag durch unseren Experten Rafael Pérez Süess 09.
Februar 2018.
Hirslanden integration of electronic document exchange - docbox health engine solution connects clinics & physicians.
Hirslanden.
Integration of electronic document exchange.
Healthcare health engine 22 February 2018.
Hirslanden integration of electronic document exchange docbox-health engine solution connects Hirslanden clinics and physicians.
Together with the Hirslanden Group Netcetera the i-engineers and Visionary are implementing a solution that links together all Hirslanden clinics inpatient doctors and referring physicians of the Group.
The three suppliers work closely together as a well-practiced team to turn this large complex project into a success.
Thanks to this integrated and comprehensive solution the Hirslanden Group profits from a significant increase in efficiency.
Background.
The Hirslanden Group comprises a total of 17 clinics in 11 cantons.
Over 2,000 inpatient doctors use the infrastructure of the Hirslanden clinics for their medical services.
An intensive document exchange is taking place between the inpatient doctors their referring physicians and the clinics.
Previously this exchange was not at all seamless as it used various often paper-based channels.
Accordingly there was much room for improvement.
In 2014 the Hirslanden Group thus decided to commission a networking solution to connect clinics inpatient doctors and referring physicians.
Goals.
In close collaboration with the Hirslanden Group Netcetera the i-engineers and Visionary created a solution based on the following goals:
Establishing an electronic solution for recording transmitting and integrating surgery birth and radiology registrations.
Digital integration into internal clinic processes and systems.
Continuous electronic handling of processes from physicians' primary systems into clinic systems and back again with significant increases in quality and fewer inquiries.
Convenient operation of docbox forms with and without interfacing with the software systems in medical offices.
Simple-as-possible on-boarding of inpatient doctors and their software systems.
Expandability and easy integration of additional processes.
The solution docbox by Visionary connects inpatient doctors and their referring physicians with the clinics.
Health engine is responsible for the clinics' internal workflows.
Both products have a variety of interfaces for seamless integration into both primary and clinic systems.
Digital data transfer reduces the amount of transcription work and automates routine tasks thus increasing process quality and efficiency.
The solution supports physicians assistance personnel and patient administration employees with high-grade user-friendly functions (such as integrated ICD-10 diagnostic and treatment catalogs exam routines templates etc.).
The following processes are already available in this system:
Inpatient e-registration.
Document distribution (bidirectional).
Radiological e-registration.
Other functions are being implemented continuously.
Currently in the works:
Pre-stationary clarification involving the patient's general practitioner.
Outpatient before inpatient (consideration of cantonal guidelines).
All implemented functions optimally cover the additional requirements of an inpatient doctor system.
A consortium consisting of three partner firms successfully executed the order.
It integrated both the health engine and docbox products.
Netcetera:
General contractor / Consulting the i-engineers.
Consulting and implementation of workflows as well as networking of the clinical applications (eg SAP HIS MCC archive systems D3 and Synedra MPI) with the product health engine.
Visionary.
Consulting and provision of software as a service with interfaces with health engine and inpatient doctors' and referring physicians' practice software systems using the docbox product.
First the solution was implemented in the Hirslanden Aarau clinic and several other Hirslanden clinics.
The solution is so successful that in summer 2017 Hirslanden Group management decided to position it as strategically crucial and roll it out Group-wide.
Conclusion.
With this solution and the end-to-end processes it can help to realize the Hirslanden Group is a leader in electronic networking in Switzerland.
The solution is proven to achieve increases in efficiency when processing inpatient and outpatient registrations.
In addition to the digital solution other important success factors are: the standardized process of connecting the inpatient doctors' primary systems and above all the outstanding and close collaboration between the clinics Hirslanden's ICT & Processes division and the three suppliers Netcetera the i-engineers and Visionary.
More about health engine.
The chances of open banking - Presentation by Peter Zuber at Open Banking Forum.
Zürich 23 March 2018.
Presentation by Peter Zuber at Open Banking Forum.
At the Open Banking Forum in March in Zürich Peter Zuber our Managing Director Financial Technology talked about the chances of open banking.
The democratization of data forces incumbents to make proprietary data available to anyone with the owner‘s permission to access it.
Open banking is being pushed into the mainstream by four main trends: Regulation enabling technology competition and consumer demand.
Our expert answers the questions on how the banks are responding and their strategies and on why customers care.
Many banks successfully started initiatives already.
Banks actively driving open banking will be better positioned to maintain and extend their dominance.
About the Open Banking Forum.
Presentation on open banking.
Peter Zuber.
Managing Director Financial Technology +41 44 297 58 44.
Publish fund information quickly & easily 11 January 2018 Alles Blau podcast by Caroline Palla.
ChecklistAR - Augmented reality for maintenance.
HoloLens 26 February 2018.
Augmented reality for maintenance.
Augment IT by Netcetera and Müller Technologie AG in Frauenfeld have successfully tested the use of augmented and mixed reality for maintenance.
Digitalizing the checklist helps maintenance personnel perform work of the same quality with less training and experience.
Furthermore data can be collected for the traceability of maintenance work.
Müller Technologie part of the leading.
Müller Gleisbau Group in Switzerland develops builds and maintains machines for modern railway and track construction.
It is the only company in Switzerland to offer silo freight wagon cleaning and maintenance in accordance with GHP standards.
The following video shows how a maintenance employee sets a reference point after identifying the freight wagon and starts to run through a checklist of typically 50 to 100 checkpoints.
The worker is guided to the individual checkpoints by means of navigation support and in this way carries out the process.
Contextual information (text image video 3D and web content) is displayed in the correct place thus supporting the employee while they work.
This showcase has demonstrated that an augmented reality checklist enables employees with less training to perform the same tasks as their more experienced colleagues.
The high level of accuracy of the solution is particularly noteworthy – even in an industrial environment with freight wagons 25 meters in length which you repeatedly have to walk around the accuracy of the checkpoints is still very good.
Furthermore no fixed installation or infrastructure is required and creating new checklists or modifying the existing checklist can be done quickly and easily.
The augmented reality checklist is currently running on Microsoft HoloLens and the Android ZenFone AR phone.
Additional devices will be added soon.
To Augment IT.
Digital revolution in everyday working life - AR and CI Workshop in Liechtenstein.
Vaduz 26 March 2018.
Digital revolution in everyday working life.
AR and CI Workshop in Liechtenstein.
What is still in its infancy today is already revolutionizing the working world of tomorrow: At a workshop of the Digital Liechtenstein initiative we demonstrated how augmented reality and conversational interfaces are pushing into the business world.
Pokemon Go an Augmented Reality-based smartphone game launched in the summer of 2016 thrilled the crowds.
Players all over the world were drawn outdoors to hunt monsters with their smartphone camera.
The possibility of merging the real and virtual worlds holds enormous potential not only for game developers - the technology is already pushing into the everyday lives of many people.
Today hardly any car is built without a head-up display that shows the most important driving data directly in the driver's field of vision.
We are convinced that the technology will also shape many people's everyday working lives in the near future.
At a workshop held in the context of the initiative Digital Liechtenstein at the Technopark in Vaduz our experts demonstrated how virtual reality headsets like the HoloLens can already be used to make the maintenance of railway cars more efficient how complex industrial machines can be projected into training rooms as virtual 3D models for training purposes or how doctors can be supported in the preparation of difficult operations.
Through the various examples the approximately 70 workshop participants gained an exciting insight into the many possible applications of the new technology and were able to convince themselves of its practical suitability during the break with one of the HoloLenses on their heads.
New interface new possibilities.
Whether Siri Alexa or Google Home companies have been experimenting with artificial intelligence and the new man-machine interface Conversational Interfaces for several years.
In the second part of the workshop our experts showed what it means when machines learn to communicate directly with customers without a screen.
With voice-controlled artificial intelligence for example shop visits can be carried out entirely online timetable queries and ticket purchases can be made or automatic logs of consultations can be generated which not only save an immense amount of time but also help to ensure quality.
Whether Augmented Reality or Conversational Interfaces: The workshop impressively illustrated to the participants which new possibilities technological progress generates and provided inspiration to think about new business possibilities for one’s own company.
You find the presentation slides of the workshop on Slideshare:
Talk to our expert in Vaduz.
Your contact for augmented reality.
Your contact for conversational interfaces.
Why blockchain disrupts all industries - Elena Karafiloski presents use cases in health & education.
Zürich 27 March 2018.
Elena Karafiloski presents use cases in health & education.
Blockchain is disrupting all industries since it is a general purpose technology.
At the Blockchain Forum in Zürich at the end of March our expert Elena Karafiloski presented use cases in health and education.
Blockchain is a database of timestamped blocks.
Blockchains are always transactional databases and the transactions are irreversible.
There is not one central agency responsible for the database.
It removes intermediaries and creates trust in the data.
In her talk at the Blockchain Forum.
Elena Karafiloski demystifies blockchain and presents the use cases.
Health Information Traceability (HIT) a blockchain-based online marketplace for personal health data and Attainr a blockchain-based education credentials platform.
Learn more in her presentation on Slideshare:
Elena Karafiloski.
Senior Project Manager Digital Enterprise +389 2 315 4601.
Study on Conversational Interfaces - Application potentials and examples for CI.
Conversational Interfaces 03 April 2018.
Application potentials and examples for CI.
The Institute for Media and Communication Management of the University of St.
Gallen conducted a study together with us the Aduno Group gotomo GmbH and smama.
The study defines and classifies Conversational Interfaces (CI) explains the basic technologies and determines the current user acceptance.
In addition it illustrates different application possibilities in different industries using concrete examples.
The editors have developed a generic architecture for CIs and a process model for decision making in relation to the application of CIs.
They also came across limitations of CI: Research in the field of artificial intelligence has made great progress in recent years and contributed to the breakthrough of chat bots and voice assistants.
Nevertheless the ability of chat bots and voice assistants is not yet sufficiently mature.
For example they cannot yet conduct complex dialogs with users or react to complex statements.
The lack of a human touch makes it difficult for customers to build trust in bots.
In addition the many dialects in Swiss German cannot yet be processed mechanically with sufficient quality.
You can get the study free of charge from the University of St.
Gallen website:
To the study.
Talk to our CI expert.
Full transparency in the operating room - Article about VR/AR possibilities and definitions.
HoloLens 13 April 2018.
Article about VR/AR application possibilities and definitions.
Virtual (VR) and Augmented Reality (AR) is no longer a dream of the future but is already changing the working world today.
In addition to industrial manufacturing architecture and traffic on the road VR and AR applications are also used in medicine.
(Published in e-commerce-magazin issue 02/2018).
The EKG chirps along periodically while the heart monitor shows the current oxygen saturation and blood pressure levels.
The clear fluid drips soundlessly through the slender tube.
The anesthesiologist checks the patient's condition on the surgical table.
Meanwhile surgical specialist Dr Brinkmann puts a HoloLens on over his head and downloads the latest CAT scan data.
An atmosphere of quiet concentration permeates the room.
Dr Brinkmann projects the three-dimensional hologram of the brain directly onto the patient's head and walks back and forth in front of him.
In front of his eyes he sees virtually right into the patient's head with the spot where the procedure will be performed marked in red.
The surgical nurse hands the drill to the surgeon and the HoloLens now shows him the exact angle and depth of the hole to be drilled directly into the patient's head.
With the aid of this virtual marker Dr Brinkmann places the drill in the precise location on the skull.
The device hums softly.
The year is 2025 and Augmented Reality has been used successfully in surgery for some time now.
What might sound very futuristic is just one of the scenarios that the neurosurgery department of the Swiss Hospital Inselspital in Bern is working toward.
Surgeons are already using the HoloLens prior to surgery to visualize and prepare for a surgical procedure.
Several years of development are still needed before a HoloLens can actually be used during surgery.
The surgeon sees virtually right into the patient's head.
Let's take a look at the current state of the technology.
Airline pilots have known it for dozens of years as the Head-Up Display or HUD which projects additional or expanded information directly onto the windshield.
Today this type of HUD is yet standard equipment in many cars.
Information like the speed and directions from the navigation system are displayed directly in the driver's field of vision so as not to divert their gaze (thus the name because the head stays up).
The information is virtually embedded directly into the environment.
A navigation arrow appears to be lying directly on the road a safe distance bar tells the driver how much distance to maintain from the car in front of them.
Smartphones push AR evolution.
Over the last few years a number of devices have come on the market that have at times brought new terminology with them.
Even the software development is moving along rapidly: Development environments like Unity allow for very fast testing and developing of solutions with three-dimensional objects.
Apple and Google are integrating Augmented Reality platforms into their operating systems.
As a result today almost everyone has an AR-capable device in their pocket: the smartphone.
Accordingly the most work is currently being done here.
VR and AR applications are popping up everywhere like weeds.
Well-known example: Ikea.
With the new AR apps the customer of the Swedish furniture manufacturer can see how that sofa will look in their living room before buying it hikers can recognize every mountain peak with AR apps and children convert their drawings into 3D figures or hide virtual treasures in the real nursery.
But what are the actual differences between AR VR and MR?
Virtual Reality: Into another world.
Let's start with Virtual Reality.
As the name implies VR applications transport you to a different world.
You are literally immersed in the Virtual Reality which is also called immersive reality or even total immersion .
In order to plunge in to such a world you use VR glasses.
The term glasses can lead to some confusion though: You don't actually look through them but instead you have a small screen in front of your eyes that projects a unique world.
In so doing a stereoscopic view can be achieved that suggests a three-dimensional depth.
Only very limited interaction with the space takes place though.
One of the bigger technical limitations for all VR glasses is the somewhat poor resolution on the screen for the intended use.hen you look through the lenses at a very close screen the pixels are visible.
Augmented Reality: Enhances the world view.
By contrast enhanced reality – Augmented Reality – is not immersive.
The real world is super-imposed with additional information.
If you use a smartphone as an AR device the real space is captured by the camera and displayed on the screen.
The additional information is then embedded in it.
The best known example of an AR application may be the game Pokémon Go .
The Google Glass presumed dead is also an AR device and is still manufactured in an enterprise version.
Since hands are not free when using the telephone it is the applications capable of conveying content that are most useful in daily work environments.
Mixed Reality: the best of both worlds.
When Microsoft launched the HoloLens they connected their device with another term: Mixed Reality.
The reality is no longer simply enhanced the Virtual Reality is mixed with reality or fused.
You see the room with your own eyes while looking through glasses in which three-dimensional objects are displayed as holograms.
Unlike conventional AR displays this relieves the cognitive load or mental effort generally required of the user to imagine the 3D object.
In addition to Microsoft's HoloLens there are currently two other devices worth mentioning: the Meta 2 and the Magic Leap One from companies with the same names.
Unlike the HoloLens neither are complete computers but instead require additional hardware connected with cables.
What they have in common is a Head-Mounted Display (HMD).
In the enterprise area these AR-HMDs currently offer the most opportunities.
Current areas of application.
Areas of application for VR include not only the entertainment industry (games videos etc.) but also architecture (virtual tour of a house) medical rehabilitation and therapies (training after a stroke or phobia therapy) or an actual roller coaster ride in artificial reality.
A Swiss bank even launched a VR trading app with which you can trade real shares in a virtual space.
The exciting areas of application for AR and MR include architecture and product design: Plaster and wooden models are a thing of the past.
Prototypes no longer need to be elaborately constructed but instead are loaded directly from the CAD program to the AR application so virtually teletransported.
Training in an industrial production with Augmented Reality.
Train maintenteance with Augmented Reality.
Even maintenance work and training on machines are experiencing a developmental boost with AR.
A Swiss company checks the simplification of the maintenance process for their rail cars by using a digitalized AR checklist.
A short trip through time in the maintenance building demonstrates the application.
With a screeching crash a silo rail car is driven into the building.
It smells like machine oil and metal.
The on-site service employee looks at the rail car with the HoloLens; in the blink of an eye it recognizes the model and required maintenance steps.
The task: Check and when necessary repair all important parts like valves connectors brakes hoses ladders etc.
The employee now sees what needs to be done with which tools on each car displayed right on the car directly at the corresponding location and they can also watch a help video or request assistance from a specialist.
Hands are kept free at all times.
The condition of the part to be checked is projected as an overlay showing the target condition.
The first valve is checked and is fine the technician tells the HoloLens: Intake valve front OK at which point it acknowledges this and then directs him to the next item in the car to be checked by means of the navigation arrow.
Once all checks are performed the task is automatically ended the dispatcher sees this on his screen and billing is triggered.
Yet in a few months this process will be reality.
It will then be significantly easier to perform maintenance on such silo cars.
A specialist becomes a generalist and can handle several tasks.
The fact that a process with a paper printout and scan is thus digitalized and media discontinuities eliminated is a pleasant side effect.
There is additional potential in the area of Emotional Sales.
How do I effectively sell an industrial machine without the need to transport it? Thanks to AR an entire system can be projected at a trade show or directly in the customer's building.
As mentioned at the start medicine is one of the most exciting fields.
Currently the use is restricted primarily to training.
It can however be assumed that surgical preparations will not merely be prepared with AR in the future but rather with the assistance of MR.
Apps like Pokémon Go .
show that AR apps already reached the masses.
It's hard to predict exactly when AR wil be established in the B2B sector.
Gartner for example assumes that it will take another 5 to 10 years for AR to reach the plateau of productivity.
We are much more optimistic here! The first productive projects will probably be delivered this year.
e-commerce-magazin-02-2018-p35-37.pdf.
Size: 549.5 KB.
We are reinforcing our team Middle East - New Director of Sales and Business Development in Dubai.
Abu Dhabi 17 April 2018.
New Director of Sales and Business Development in Dubai.
Ramy Fouda has been appointed as Director of Sales and Business Development for our office in Dubai in the United Arab Emirates.
He has more than 20 years of experience in the IT sector and his focus will be on expanding Netcetera’s business and market share in the Middle East region and other non-European territories.
“Netcetera is committed to growing its business beyond the European continent and exploring business opportunities via our office in Dubai.
We aim to take our software and ideas beyond borders accelerating our expansion through a partner-led strategy and are building on the back of several successful projects in the financial and healthcare sectors of the UAE market.
We are confident that Ramy’s proven track record in his previous roles will help us to provide new high-quality solutions that meet market trends – also thanks to strategic alliances and collaboration with partners” said Kiril Milev Managing Director of Netcetera Middle East.
Before joining us Ramy worked at several technology companies and banking solution providers building dynamic and successful teams and growing the business in each organization.
“The rapid changes and risks in today’s market force IT providers to be more agile and to introduce new technology to help their end customers to cope with challenges,” said Ramy.
“Netcetera is a focused high-quality technology provider mainly in Europe with a lot of potential to grow in other parts of the world.
I am looking forward to working together with the teams across Europe to achieve this goal”.
Talk to Ramy.
Ramy Fouda.
Director Sales and Business Development +971 56 993 83 53.
Success at Google Hash Code competition! - We achieved the 9th place out of 5000 teams.
Skopje 30 April 2018.
We achieved the 9th place out of 5’000 teams.
Hash Code is a team programming competition organized by Google for students and industry professionals across Europe the Middle East and Africa.
The event took place at Dublin Ireland and this year more than 5’000 teams (37’000 participants) entered the competition.
In the final round on April 28 2018 the teams needed to solve an engineering problem within one day using the programming language of their choice.
Our Macedonian team achieved the excellent 9th place – congratulations to our guys.
See the complete results list here.
The Netcetera team from Macedonia consisted of Aleksandar Nikov Panche Chavkovski Kristijan Jankoski and Vojche Kushevski.
Simplifying mobile contactless payment - Using biometrics to pay with smartphone.
Media release 07 May 2018.
Using biometrics to pay with smartphone.
We have implemented one of the first independent solutions for contactless payment in Switzerland.
It offers card issuers the opportunity to supplement their own apps with a globally standardized and certified mobile payment module.
Thanks to biometrics customers pay simply quickly and securely with their smartphones.
The solution is based on our product ToPay Cloud Payment and is just as convenient as the mobile payment offers of the smartphone manufacturers.
In Swiss retail you can pay at around 85,000 terminals via NFC (Near Field Communication) and 40% of consumers already use this option today via contactless card.
The further development towards mobile payment with smartphones or wearables is accelerating this trend.
Netcetera's digital payment solution ToPay Cloud Payment enables users to pay worldwide and at all common terminals with the Android smartphone.
For customers it is simple safe and extremely fast.
They pay at the checkout via NFC by holding their smartphone to the terminal and authenticating themselves with fingerprint.
It is no longer necessary to enter a PIN at the terminal.
Netcetera sets new standards in user-friendliness for payment with Issuer and Bank apps.
The use of biometrics enables fingerprint authentication and payment is as convenient as with the mobile payment offers of smartphone manufacturers.
The big advantage: the solution is independent and can be integrated into existing apps for rapid customer acceptance.
Secure payment with the familiar app.
Netcetera offers a Mobile Payment Module for all card issuers based on internationally recognized credit and debit card standards.
This simplifies the implementation of a digital payment solution for banks and merchants because they can integrate this module efficiently into their own mobile banking apps and bank pays .
The customer pays with the familiar app of their bank or credit card provider.
In addition the bank retains the interface to the customer and can thus reach them with further payment services.
Viseca Card Services SA one of Switzerland's largest payment card issuers is the first card issuer to integrate the payment module directly into its existing VisecaOne app.
Viseca customers of Freiburger Kantonalbank and Bancque Cantonale du Jura now have access to the mobile payment functions.
Contactless payment with the smartphone is particularly secure is subject to the high requirements of credit card providers and continuously audited by external certification companies.
In the ToPay Cloud Payment Module a token replaces the credit card data and is made available to the app.
This means that no data comes into the hands of uncontrollable third party providers.
It always remains in the sovereignty of the issuer or the bank.
Netcetera offers this solution for card issuers worldwide.
In Switzerland.
SwissWallet is the distributor.
SwissWallet is a joint venture of the Aduno Group Netcetera and Swisscard with the aim of introducing digital payment solutions in Switzerland.
More than 800,000 wallets are currently available for purchase on the platform.
News Apps for NZZ regional media - Now also forLuzerner Zeitung' andSt.
Galler Tagblatt' Offering.
Media 22 May 2018.
Now also for Luzerner Zeitung and St.
Galler Tagblatt.
We have developed the new news apps for the NZZ regional media Luzerner Zeitung and St.
Galler Tagblatt .
They are based on the proven NZZ News App that we developed together with the Neue Zürcher Zeitung in 2017.
The mobile applications developed by us for the regional media Luzerner Zeitung and St.
Galler Tagblatt are available in the App Stores for iOS and Android devices.
They offer a classic home page with article view and an overview with local news.
In the My LZ and My Tagblatt areas registered users can access additional functions such as a watch list for storing articles in their personal account or a history of the articles read.
Registering brings further advantages for example readers with a personal user account can also save the choice of their region.
We implemented the apps with ReactNative a cross-platform mobile development technology.
The apps are based on the popular NZZ News App, which was launched in November 2017.
Download the apps here:
Tagblatt app for iOS.
Tagblatt app for Android.
Luzerner Zeitung app for iOS.
Luzerner Zeitung app for Android.
Alexander Josef.
Senior Project Manager & Consultant Digital Enterprise +41 44 297 59 82.
Early insights into EMV® Secure Remote Commerce - Courses about the next generation of e-commerce checkout.
EMV® Secure Remote Commerce.
Course provided by Netcetera.
Early insights into EMV® Secure Remote Commerce.
Courses about the next generation of e-commerce checkout.
Checkouts in e-commerce suffer from low conversion rates.
Therefore the card industry is defining a new standard:
EMVCo.
EMV® Secure Remote Commerce (SRC) will change the future of payments by cards and help to improve the user experience and security for e-commerce shopping.
Netcetera as a technical associate of EMVCo and an innovative technology provider in the digital payment industry has already gained an in-depth understanding of the forthcoming new secure e-commerce checkout solution supported by all the schemes.
Join us at one of our half-day in-house SRC courses answering your most burning questions about SRC:
What is Secure Remote Commerce?
What are the various roles in the SRC protocol?
What are the checkout flows when supporting SRC?
What are the provisioning alternatives for the SRC vault?
Why is tokenization important for SRC?
How does 3-D Secure 2.0 tie into the SRC flow?
What consequences does SRC have for existing online scheme wallets?
How could merchant tokenization play hand in hand with SRC?
What will SRC look like (live demonstration of a possible SRC checkout flow)?
With your participation in this half-day course by Netcetera you will learn everything you need to know about SRC.
You will be able to advise your company in how SRC affects your business what advantages you will be able to offer to your clients and what immediate steps to take to get there.
Note:
EMV® is a registered trademark in the U.S.
and other countries and an unregistered trademark elsewhere.
The EMV trademark is owned by EMVCo LLC.
Questions? Talk to our experts.
Mountain adventures - Netcetera Cultura supports Mountainscouts.
Cultura 30 May 2018.
Netcetera Cultura supports Mountainscouts.
High altitude camps hiking weekends ski tours and climbing weekends.
“Mountainscouts” give youngsters and young adults the opportunity to discover the Swiss mountains and climb the peaks - Netcetera Cultura supports them.
Mountain fans and scouts have founded “.
Mountainscouts ” to share their passion with young people.
One of our employees has been guiding groups in the youth ski touring camp for Mountainscouts for many years.
He says that an average of 20-30 participants per camp escape with them from everyday life and enjoy nature.
There are also opportunities for inexperienced hikers and sometimes they are infected with the enthusiasm for the mountains.
We are happy that we can make our contribution.
More about Cultura.
Great sounds with Netcetera Cultura 13 September 2018 Alles Blau podcast by Caroline Palla.
CodeFu 2018 – grand finale - 12th edition of the legendary programming competition.
Skopje 07 June 2018.
CodeFu 2018 – grand finale 12th edition of the legendary programming competition.
The 12th edition of the legendary programming competition CodeFu was held in Skopje on 3 June.
The most successful 30 competitors from our online preliminary rounds gathered and tested their programming skills.
The winner was Vladimir Maksimovski who was also one of the youngest competitors.
He together with David Simonovski and Ljupche Miloshevski who won 2nd and 3rd place will travel to the Jazoon Conference in Bern Switzerland.
This was the 12th edition of the annual.
CodeFu programming competition initiated and organized every year by us.
The event took place in Skopje where the most successful 30 competitors from the preliminary online rounds showed their programing skills.
They competed for the grand prize granted to the best three – a trip to Switzerland to the Jazoon Tech Days.
Through this competition many new talents have been discovered in the previous years some of whom are now a part of the Netcetera team.
The new programming talents are getting younger and younger.
This year’s winner was not an exception.
Vladimir Maksimovski only 18 years old managed to score the most points and won the first place.
He even submitted his results one hour ahead of all the other competitors.
David Simeonovski and Ljupche Milosheski won the 2nd and 3rd place.
Many thanks to everyone involved in the event our external judges from the Faculty of computer science and engineering in Skopje all the CodeFu fighters and all the volunteers.
Together we are making an impact in the community we discover new talents and we build a solid ground to grow in the future.
Want to know more? Talk to the initiator of CodeFu:
Aleksandar Nikov.
Head of Innovation +389 2 315 4404.
We are now also in Linz - Pictures of the opening party of our new office in Austria.
Hagenberg 21 June 2018.
We are now also in Linz.
Pictures of the opening party of our new office in Austria.
In early 2017 we acquired Nexperts in Hagenberg Upper Austria to strengthen our local presence in German-speaking countries and to bundle our resources for digital payment solutions.
Considering our increasing growth in this region we are moving to an additional location in Austria.
We want to offer all our employees a top working environment with plenty of space and the latest infrastructure in an attractive location.
Therefore most of our employees from Hagenberg moved to a larger office in Linz.
Of course we celebrated it properly.
On 19 June 2018 we clinked glasses with a few customers from Austria at the opening.
Find the pictures of the celebration on flickr.
Pictures.
The Netcetera management happily cutting the ribbon to start the opening celebration (from left: CEO Andrej Vckovski Managing Director Digital Payments Kurt Schmid COO Thomas Zangerl and CFO Thomas Geier).
Augmented Reality makes underground spaces visible - Augment IT supports Future Cities Laboratory (FCL).
Augmented Reality 22 June 2018.
Augmented Reality makes underground spaces visible.
Augment IT supports Future Cities Laboratory (FCL).
We have contributed our Augmented Reality expertise to Future Cities Laboratory’s Digital Underground showcase presented at the Urban Lab exhibitionUnderground: Singapore's Next Frontier' organized by the Urban Redevelopment Authority (URA).

The Future Cities Laboratory (FCL) was established by ETH-Zurich and Singapore’s National Research Foundation (NRF) and operates under the auspices of the Singapore-ETH Centre.
Digital Underground a collaboration between Singapore-ETH Centre Singapore Land Authority and the Geomatics Unit of the City of Zurich, aims to develop a roadmap for the 3D mapping of existing and future utility networks in Singapore.
Seeing the unseen.
Visitors experience seeing the unseen by using an app running on an iPad.
Existing and future utility networks in Singapore are mapped in 3D.
An accurate 3D digital map of the utility network and underground components will help planners to understand these dense and complex networks.
Such a digital map could also shed light on the management of the utility networks such as their ownership and operation in order to ensure legal compliance efficiency and resilience of these systems.
The exhibitionUnderground: Singapore's Next Frontier’ at the URA Gallery was officially launched by the Minister for National Development Mr Lawrence Wong on 30 May and is open to the public until 29 June 2018.
The showcase and the exhibition were shown in.
Channel 8 News on TV in Singapore (in Chinese language).
The great potential of Augmented Reality for underground structures.
The use of underground space has largely been developed on a first-come-first-served basis.
Over time this hinders further expansion and optimal use of underground space.
By planning and safeguarding the space upfront and with the help of technology the potential of underground space can be unlocked and it can be used more efficiently.
When digging up streets or excavating construction pits for maintenance purposes there is often significant damage to power supply or telecommunications lines due to insufficient position information.
Retrieving information about underground utilities and locating utility networks underground would be of great help to planners engineers and architects as well as field-workers.
Imagine yourself: viewing energy and drainage lines in real-time thereby saving cost and time.
Wouldn’t this be an asset?
To AugmentIT.
In-house public transport ticketing - Eco-friendly travel from headquarters to remote locations.
Wemlin Tickets 28 June 2018.
Eco-friendly travel from headquarters to remote locations.
On behalf of F.
Hoffmann-La Roche AG we developed the public transport ticket system Roche Mobility .
The solution is free of charge for their employees and replaces the company's own bus service.
Employees can now obtain a digital public transport ticket on their intranet in the Mobility Web Shop.
To date, Roche has provided its employees with their own shuttle service for travel between individual company locations in Basel.
As part of ongoing site development they replaced this at the end of March 2018 with an eco-friendly solution that is still free of charge for employees.
The Roche Mobility public transport ticket system developed by us makes this possible.
The employee chooses the travel route between the locations within the city of Basel in the web shop.
The web shop then obtains a code from the promotion toolbox via a web service interface and makes it available to the employee as a QR code.
The employee scans the QR code with the TNW Tickets App .
The digital public transport ticket is now ready in the app and only needs to be validated before the start of the journey the same as with the popular multi-trip card.
Individual solution - commercially attractive and quickly implemented.
We built the web shop as an individual solution for Roche.
It is based on the Promotion Toolbox an existing component of the Wemlin Suite.
With the Wemlin Suite we offer a comprehensive range of products for public transport such as the timetable and tickets app departures for display boards or the public transport database.
Wemlin HUB.
Julian Hennig Project Manager Mobility at F.
Hoffmann-La Roche AG comments on the public transport ticket system: The ticket system is an excellent solution for making the very well-developed public transport system in Basel available to our employees.
The ease of use and the paperless tickets are very popular with us!
Our Wemlin Suite.
Want to know more about Wemlin? Talk to our expert:
Netcetera contributes to development of new internet payment standards - We are contributing to development.
Media release 02 July 2018.
Netcetera contributes to development of new internet payment standards.
The digital payment specialist Netcetera has extended its membership in EMVCo - the technical standardization body of leading credit card schemes - to the Technical Associate status.
The company's experts are thus actively influencing the standardization of secure payment solutions in the e-commerce environment in particular the EMV® Secure Remote Commerce (SRC) specification that is currently being developed.
This new standard will make internet payment by credit and debit card significantly easier and more secure at the same time.
Netcetera also offers this knowledge to PSPs merchants and card issuers in the form of training courses.
As a Technical Associate member of the international standardization committee.
Netcetera works together with the EMVCo working group for EMV® Secure Remote Commerce (SRC) on technical and operational issues.
Today entering credit card information on merchant websites still involves high drop-out rates as customers find it too cumbersome to re-enter their card and customer data over and over again especially on mobile devices.
The new Secure Remote Commerce standard is designed to provide a consistent and convenient customer experience for remote payments across all schemes.
As Netcetera already offers e-commerce checkout and wallet solutions for millions of credit cards and has practical experience with their operation the payment specialist is contributing valuable expertise to the development of the next generation of internet payment.
We have a leading position at 3-D Secure 2.0 and are pleased to be able to contribute our exclusive knowledge in the area of digital payment.
Partners who work with us benefit from early access to developments and standardization in this area via Netcetera.
This enables merchants to integrate relevant components into their online shop or mobile app in good time, says Dr Thomas Fromherz Chief Strategy Officer Payments at Netcetera.
EMVCo's Secure Remote Commerce framework defines the roles superordinate processes and data descriptions that enable a consistent and secure exchange of card data within the remote commerce environment.
The technical framework document will soon be followed by the publication of a detailed specification defining the protocol and core functions.
Netcetera as technical partner of EMVCo and innovative technology provider in the digital payment industry has already gained a deep understanding of the upcoming new secure e-commerce payment solution which is supported by all card systems and passes this knowledge on to its customers and other members of the payment security industry.
In half-day workshops Netcetera experts answer key questions about the new protocol for example: What is EMV Secure Remote Commerce (SRC) and how does it affect your business? Participants will also learn about the checkout procedures for SRC support.
Netcetera will also explain topics such as the importance of tokenization for SRC the integration of 3-D Secure 2.0 into the SRC flow or the consequences of SRC for existing online Scheme wallets.
In a live demonstration of possible SRC checkout processes Netcetera will show how SRC will look like.
The workshops take place in Zurich Vienna Berlin Frankfurt London Milan and Munich at the end of the year.
Note: EMV® is a registered trademark in the U.S.
and other countries and an unregistered trademark elsewhere.
The EMV trademark is owned by EMVCo LLC.
To the workshops.
Building voice responsive apps for iOS - Talks by Conversational Interfaces expert Martin Mitrevski.
Conversational Interfaces 04 July 2018.
Building voice responsive apps for iOS.
Talks about Conversational Interfaces.
Our expert for Conversational Interfaces Martin Mitrevski shared his knowledge at three conferences in the last few months.
Learn how to understand language on iOS and how to develop conversational interfaces for iOS apps.
Go to the presentation at iOSCon.
London.
Go to the presentation at Mobius.
St.Petersburg.
Go to the presentation at SwiftFest.
Boston.
A glimpse behind the scenes of Jazoon TechDays 2018 in Bern - Interview with our Software Engineer Alex Striffeler.
Zürich 27 July 2018.
A glimpse behind the scenes of Jazoon TechDays 2018 in Bern.
Interview with our Software Engineer Alex Striffeler.
Soon it's time again: On September 6 and 7 the Swiss software community will meet at the Jazoon TechDays 2018 on the Gurten near Bern.
This year's event is all about Cloud Containers and Continuous Everything.
Alexander Striffeler one of our Software Engineers in Bern is a member of the organizing committee and is determined to make the Jazoon TechDays a unique experience again this year.
He gives some insights and views on the event.
The interview was executed by Camille Schwarzentruber von AdNovum and was published on 27 July 2018 on adnovum.ch.
Camille Schwarzengruber AdNovum: The Jazoon TechDays 2018 will focus on DevOps for Devs – Cloud Containers and Continuous Everything.
Can you tell us a little more about that?
Alexander Striffeler Netcetera: DevOps is a combination of technology methodology and corporate culture.
All this makes it possible to develop software projects quickly and to deliver them regularly in small steps.
From my own experience and conversations with other software developers I know that this topic is relevant to many companies and poses great challenges.
This is why we are convinced that with DevOps we have our fingers on the pulse of the times.
How do you succeed in finding exciting topics for the conference again and again?
Two aspects are crucial here: Firstly the organizers of the Jazoon TechDays are software developers themselves.
Secondly the composition of the organizing committee changes regularly which means that new interests and ideas are incorporated each time.
You engage high-profile speakers every year.
Can you already provide a few names and maybe even some of the topics they will cover?
Amongst our speakers will be for example Aaron Blohowiak of Netflix Kief Morris of ThoughtWorks and Charity Majors founder of honeycomb.io and former employee of Facebook.
To get an overview of the different topics presented I recommend having a look at http://jazoon.com/agenda.
What are the highlights of this year's conference?
One of my personal highlights is the workshop with Russ Miles of ChaosIQ entitled Successful Production Microservices .
There is also the backstage track which allows the participants to talk with the speakers about their very individual questions in a relaxed lounge atmosphere.
I can't even decide on a single highlight for the talks.
I am really looking forward to the wide range of topics and will let myself be surprised!
Get your ticket now!
Alexander Striffeler one of our Software Engineers in Bern is a member of the organizing committee of Jazoon TechDays 2018.
The Jazoon TechDays 2018 take place on 6-7 September in Bern Switzerland.
The event location is the pavilion on mount Gurten in Bern the capital of Switzerland.
Netcetera is rail production technology partner of SBB Informatik - SBB Informatik.
Media release 17 August 2018.
Netcetera is rail production technology partner of SBB Informatik.
Netcetera and six other technology suppliers were awarded the contract as strategic partners for the railway production of the Swiss Federal Railways (SBB).
With technical and technological expertise the technology partners support the goal of creating an open sustainable industry solution for the entire rail segment which will offer more capacity at lower infrastructure costs for the Swiss rail network.
In addition the current Rail Control System (RCS) is to be further maintained and transferred to the new Traffic Management System (TMS) at the appropriate time.
In the area of railway production the smartrail 4.0 industry program is also being implemented which is supported by the four railways SBB BLS SOB and RhB as well as VöV.
The industry program is divided into the programs Traffic Management System Electronic Interlocking Localization and Automatic Train Operation and is intended to enable further development steps for the entire railway production.
With the SBB technology partnership Netcetera strengthens its focus on activities in the segment traffic and mobility.
Solutions for mobility ticketing and traffic management are part of our core business alongside payment transactions and the banking world.
Netcetera specializes in Mission Critical applications and implements digitization in many industries.
It is our goal to gradually implement all successful solutions with which Netcetera is already the market leader in Switzerland also in Germany explains Michael Seifert Managing Director of Netcetera GmbH based in Munich.
Find more information on smartrail 4.0.
Talk to our expert:
Netcetera is Mastercard Platinum Partner - Digital payment solutions ToPay.
Media release 23 August 2018.
Netcetera is Mastercard Platinum Partner.
ToPay product family delivers digital payment solutions for all areas of application.
In June 2018 the payment specialist Netcetera has achieved Platinum Partner status in the Mastercard Engage Directory the highest status to date only awarded to a few companies globally.
These selected Mastercard partners offer a comprehensive product portfolio in the area of digital wallets.
This includes the connection to MDES and Masterpass as well as the support of mobile contactless payment.
Mastercard Engage Directory for Digital Wallets lists Mastercard partners with digital wallet solutions that help Mastercard customers digitize their card portfolios more easily and quickly enable mobile payments and roll out their Masterpass-compatible digital wallets.
Card issuers and banks will find further information on the services of digital providers in the area of digital wallet solutions.
Netcetera is one of only seven Platinum Partners worldwide as of June 2018.
The software company operates a direct connection to the corresponding Mastercard digital platforms making it one of the few providers offering Mastercard customers comprehensive options for digital payment services and solutions.
We are proud to be a Platinum Partner in the Mastercard Engage - Directory for Digital Wallets, says Kurt Schmid Netcetera's Managing Director Digital Payments Our ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub is the key to digital payment in the Mastercard environment.
Our product portfolio provides access to secure mobile payment through seamless integration with MDES and Masterpass.
We are very glad to welcome Netcerera as our newest Platinum Partner and see Netcetera as a very innovative partner for Mastercard issuing financial institutions using our digital solutions, says Christophe Zehnacker Head of Strategic Digital Partnerships at Mastercard.
Payment solutions for every situation.
As a Platinum Partner Netcetera brings comprehensive expertise for digital payment combined with tokenization for wallets to the table.
The company also offers Masterpass connection contactless payment products and 3-D Secure Services.
Netcetera offers innovative digital payment solutions with a strong focus on convenience security and mobile use.
More than 1,000 banking institutions and payment card issuers rely on their high-quality products for 3-D Secure mobile contactless payment digital wallets risk-based and user-friendly authentication or digital banking apps for optimized banking.
The company operates 24/7 PCI-certified digital payment services for all major card networks and over 25 million cards.
ToPay product family.
Machine Learning powered risk classification to detect waste abuse and fraud in health insurance claims - Risk classification to detect waste abuse and fraud.
RiSIC 06 September 2018.
Machine Learning powered risk classification to detect waste abuse and fraud in health insurance claims.
Expert article published on inside-it.ch.
Machine Learning and more generally Artificial Intelligence are again at the peak of expectations.
The availability of large amounts of data and affordable computing power helps spur new research that contributes to the increased interest in this field.
Between all the hype around super intelligent computers that may outsmart humanity we are daily witnessing the emergence of new practical tools.
These tools focus on a specific domain and address a limited problem.
Machine Learning (ML) is a computer science field that enables computer systems to learn by automatically building statistical models with the use of available data.
Instead of following static program instructions ML algorithms learn from the data to identify patterns discover knowledge and make decisions with minimal human intervention.
ML is part of the broader field of Artificial Intelligence (AI).
Other areas of AI frequently intertwine with ML such as Knowledge Reasoning Natural Language Processing and Artificial General Intelligence.
Recently we have been witnessing a wave of new products and services built within several AI spaces.
Many of these initiatives have been under a strong backlash as they failed to meet expectations.
However we can also see the usefulness of ML algorithms when applied to a specific limited problem such as detecting an anomaly in business transactions.
Healthcare insurance and the issue of waste abuse and fraud.
Healthcare insurance is a multifaceted industry that brings together care providers insurance companies and patients.
As the industry is expected to create social benefits there is constant pressure to contain costs while providing security and improving the health of the general population.
Misuse of the health insurance is an ongoing issue.
Motivated by the financial incentives different stakeholders are creating waste abuse the market or even commit fraud.
The volume of waste abuse and fraud (WAF) is estimated to be in the range of 5-10% of the yearly healthcare expenditure.
This makes WAF a significant contributor to the medical inflation.
Insurance claims are under continuous scrutiny by the healthcare payers for being one of the key tools to control healthcare spending.
Looking from an insurance perspective WAF is being generated by both healthcare providers and insured members.
In the worst cases a conspiracy-type of fraud involves several parties colluding in the misuse.
When looking at the complexity levels we can categorize WAF in seven levels.
This starts with single transaction as the simplest one and goes up all the way to multiparty criminal conspiracies.
The most prevalent types of fraud carried out by policy holders are: gaining access to or being reimbursed for services typically not covered by the policy.
For clinicians and healthcare providers financial gain is the main motivation with up-coding service unbundling and billing for unnecessary or even not rendered services.
Machine Learning in combating WAF.
Insurance companies are already applying rule-based systems to detect WAF in insurance claims.
These systems are very similar to other fraud prevention systems for financial transactions eg credit card transactions where the system checks the validity of a transaction against a predefined set of business rules.
These business rules require continuous management.
Even then they are only useful as long as the person managing the rules can create a comprehensive mental model for the complete rule set.
This is where ML fits in perfectly and elegantly solves a complex problem.
Once the ML models have been trained with historical transactions they can quantify the anomaly of each new transaction compared to the history and assign potential risk to it.
Furthermore ML models adapt as the system processes new transactions.
Which means they are improving while operating and manual rule management is no longer needed.
One important distinguishing factor is the ability of the ML algorithms to learn from the judgments of the human claim processors.
Typical rule-based systems have a set of predefined medical rules that determine if a treatment should be approved for a given medical condition.
However claim processors make their decisions using additional information such as understanding of the specific care provider or history of the insured member.
They also have additional information from outside the claim system or even make professional judgments based on their medical experience.
ML models trained with these decisions will adapt their risk prediction based on the judgment made by the processor.
They are implicitly implementing rules that are not only medical but arise from the daily practice.
Netcetera designed and built RiSIC ( www.risic.ai ) ML based system that quantifies the WAF risk of insurance claims.
Following is the high-level overview of the approach.
Problem representation.
Healthcare claims contain cleanly structured data elements that can be used as input for ML model training.
These elements include information about the insured member with their medical condition the medical procedures and services performed on the patient the prescribed medications time date and location of the services and others.
Problem representation with visualizations.
One representation of the problem space for waste abuse and fraud in health insurance could be the multi-layer graph representation.
Each data element in the transaction can be represented by one or more nodes in the graph.
Nodes are linked to one or more of the other nodes from the same or from a different type.
Each edge in the graph has an assigned weight based on the relationship of the specific nodes.
After determining the nodes and edges of the initial graph additional layers can be added that represent different abstractions for the transactions.
Once the problem is defined in this way one should represent the nodes and edges using descriptive attributes and start the learning process of the ML approach.
This iterative process of knowledge discovery uses a combination of different data analysis and visualizations.
Conveying the information and the gained knowledge to an individual during the analysis even when working with highly skilled actuaries is one of the key tasks.
Therefore good data visualization is just as important as the data analysis.
The models.
Defining the baseline in behavior analysis mandates proper analysis and definition of peer groups first.
For example pharmaceutical transactions (eRX or PBM) have very different features than inpatient visits (hospital stay).
Depending on the transaction types this classification can be straightforward.
In absence of the elements containing the required information however a data-driven approach should be applied.
Aggregations on a clinician level is another case.
Identifying the correct peer group for comparison is a critical step in the process.
To address these kinds of problems we use unsupervised data-driven approaches that try to find hidden patterns in the data based on a similarity measure using unlabelled data.
The practical experience shows some interesting results when using an unsupervised approach for data analysis.
For example insurance professionals insist that a similarity of claims has to be determined only by the medical condition mentioned in the transaction.
However determining groups (clusters) of similar claims using the medical services can yield better precision in certain cases.
When the available data is unlabeled clusters and peer groups are being used for discovering and identifying some unusual behavior or anomalies in the population.
These models assign risk score to the actual transactions by comparing them against pre-calculated baseline.
Based on the risk appetite of the insurance company the models can accept variable thresholds for allowed variance.
If the available data is at least partially labeled supervised and semi-supervised data-driven approaches are most useful when assigning individual transactions to a pre-defined risk group.
For this purpose we use multi-stage classifiers for making the final decision about the risk score of the transactions.
The individual classifiers are based on state-of-the-art deep learning techniques ensembles of decision trees and lazy methods.
Further we use computationally efficient predictive models based on deep neural networks for building vector representation of medical procedures and services.
 These models represent (embed) the medical procedures and services in a continuous vector space.
Each dimension of the embedding represents a latent feature of the medical procedure or the service capturing useful semantic relations between them.
These models are very successful in detecting advanced anomalies in the transactions eg general practitioner billing services typically done by specialists.
Additionally a wide range of handcrafted features are used for building predictive models for knowledge discovery and decision support.
In the final step the results are weighted based on the importance and model correlation factors to determine the final risk score.
Cause and insight.
The above explains the different steps involved in the process of the configuring ML models to detect WAF in insurance claims.
These steps are necessary as they can make the difference between a general-purpose analytical system and actionable recommendation system used in on-demand claim processing.
For the claim processors that are acting based on the recommendation of the system it is critical to understand the cause and insight for each recommendation.
However decomposing this information is not a trivial task.
The complexity of the system especially when using a few thousand decision trees does not allow effortless interpretation of the results.
A solution for this challenge is to shadow each of the steps in the above-mentioned processes by cause-and-insight model.
The model tracks the decisions and gives a rationale behind a recommendation.
This surely limits the level of details the system can provide.
However even though prediction is important information in the decision making process it is not the only one.
Humans are still better at making judgments.
Author: Kiril Milev Managing Director Middle East.
Co-Author: Gjorgji Madjarov Associate Professor at the University of Skopje.
More about RiSIC.
RiSIC can double the savings rate of an insurance company.
Talk to the author:
Contact for the DACH region.
Cross-border tickets with TNW Tickets App - Boundless mobility thanks to Wemlin tickets.
Wemlin Tickets 10 September 2018.
Cross-border tickets with TNW Tickets App.
Boundless mobility thanks to Wemlin tickets.
Thanks to Wemlin Tickets for TNW: simply buy an international ticket with the app on your smartphone.
The TNW Tickets App for BLT developed by us now offers joint tickets between Regio Verkehrsverbund Lörrach (RVL) and Tarifverbund Nordwestschweiz (TNW).
Passengers can now travel from any place in the TNW to any place in the RVL and vice versa with just one ticket – for example from Lörrach to EuroAirport or from Liestal to Schopfheim.
The app connects 166 villages in the TNW with 178 villages in the RVL.
The ticket always costs the same regardless of whether it was purchased in Germany or Switzerland.
Thanks to our further development of the Tickets App travelers can purchase a single ticket multi-ride ticket or day ticket for the border triangle even more conveniently and quickly – at a uniform rate.
More about Wemlin.
Your contact for Wemlin.
Symphonies and Bernese dialect rock - Great sounds with Netcetera Cultura.
Cultura 13 September 2018.
Great sounds with Netcetera Cultura.
Variation.
A project orchestra with 80 music enthusiasts.
Project #14 - Itz mau Apocalypse.
An unforgettable unconventional concert.
The combination of the symphonies of Gustav Mahler and Edgar Varèse with the songs of the Bernese dialect rock band Kummerbuben conducted by Droujelub Yanakiew.
Variation a high-quality and enthusiastic ensemble regularly puts together such unusual combinations for a great concert program.
Also this year.
The Project #14 - Itz mau Apokalypse .
In 2004 music enthusiasts founded the Variation project orchestra for like-minded young adults.
The orchestra now has 80 members whose strength lies in their courage and joy of experimentation.
Each year they conduct special concert projects in which they creatively combine their symphonies with other art forms and parts of music.
The success of Variation and its concerts is evident every year in the wide audience that they reach and in the sold-out concert venues.
Great that we were able to participate in so much creativity with Netcetera Cultura.
Netcetera 3DS Server approved by EMVCo as first 3-D Secure 2.0 product in Europe - As the first 3-D Secure 2.0 product in Europe.
Media release 24 September 2018.
Netcetera 3DS Server approved by EMVCo as first 3-D Secure 2.0 product in Europe.
Easier and faster secure online payments.
The Swiss payment expert Netcetera market leader in 3-D Secure has received the EMVCo Letter of Approval for its 3-D Secure Server.
Acquirers and merchants can now use Netcetera's product to enroll in the 3DS 2.0 platforms of all credit card schemes.
Merchants and acquirers face the challenge of constantly expanding their security measures to reduce fraud during online shopping.
At the same time the expectations of their cardholders regarding the user-friendliness of payment methods and the complexity of regulatory requirements are increasing.
The new 3-D Secure specification 3DS 2.0 also called EMV® 3DS addresses these challenges.
Cardholders do not need to remember passwords anymore and can confirm payments smoothly from a mobile app – be it when shopping from a web shop or an app.
EMVCo as the payment industry’s technical body aiming at facilitating worldwide interoperability and acceptance of secure payment transactions approves products that meet all regulatory requirements for 3DS 2.0.
After a product is approved a merchant or acquirer can start negotiations and integration with the credit card schemes’ 3DS platforms.
We are proud that the 3DS Server product from Netcetera is among the three first EMVCo approved 3DS 2.0 products worldwide and the first in the Europe.
It passed all functional tests and is now listed on the EMVCo website .
Merchants and acquirers can now start integrations.
The fact that we were among the first to achieve EMVCo approval for our 3DS Server product reflects our leading position in 3-D Secure 2.0.
Our partners and customers benefit from the fact that they can access the latest developments and standardizations in this area at a very early stage with Netcetera.
For example merchants can integrate relevant components into their online shop or mobile app in good time, says Peter Frick Managing Director Payment Security at Netcetera.
Secure payments worldwide.
Netcetera offers innovative digital payment solutions with a strong focus on convenience security and mobile use.
More than 1,000 banking institutions and payment card issuers rely on the company’s high-quality products for 3-D Secure mobile contactless payment digital wallets risk-based and user-friendly authentication or digital banking apps for optimized banking.
It operates 24/7 PCI-certified payment services for all major card networks and over 25 million cards.
As EMVCo Technical Associate Netcetera addresses new trends in payment early on and keeps its services and products up to date.
EMV ® is a registered trademark in the U.S.
and other countries and an unregistered trademark elsewhere.
The EMV trademark is owned by EMVCo LLC.
More about our 3DS Server.
Contact our expert:
Future trends ICT: Augmented Reality - Expertenvortrag am Event von IAMCP.
Healthcare 25 September 2018.
Future trends ICT: Augmented Reality.
Expert talk at the IAMCP event.
Virtuality finds its way into everyday life as augmented reality.
Some examples were presented at the IAMCP.
Future Trends ICT Event in collaboration with swiss made software in Basel at the end of September.
Entrepreneurs and experts shared their experiences.
Benno Häfliger Director Digital Enterprise at Netcetera talked about HoloLens in neurosurgery and presented various applications that we implemented for our customers.
Innovation Summit 2018 - Insights into digital payment from our experts.
Munich 23 October 2018.
Insights into digital payment from our experts.
During Octoberfest we met more than 80 customers and partners at the annual “Netcetera Innovation Summit” in Munich.
The event initiated by Michael Seifert Managing Director of Netcetera in Germany dates back to 2006.
The get together encourages networking and a lively exchange of experiences and the latest information from the fast growing digital payment sector.
The motto of this years’ event “costumer first” reflects what Netcetera stands for: Precision openness honesty always with an engineering spirit and challenging ourselves – Swiss Quality Software.
Check out the our experts’ presentations at the summit here: “Whats up and new at Netcetera?” by Michael Seifert Managing Director Netcetera Germany “Enabling Financial Services for the Future” by Peter Zuber Managing Director Financial Technology “Merchant Tokenization and SRC – the next BUZZ words – how do these change eCommerce Payments?” by Kurt Schmid Managing Director Digital Payments.
In addition attending customers presented insights into our joint successful projects.
DKB reported on strong authentication and better user experience.
Cardprocess presented how we integrated the new RiskManagement system from INFORM and last but not least Payment Services Austria talked about their flagship project with us which - similar to SwissWallet – will allow mobile contactless payment through HCE technology including added value for merchants and cardholders.
Andrej Vckovski our CEO.
Michael Seifert our Managing Director Netcetera GmbH in Germany.
Peter Zuber our Managing Director Financial Technology.
Why we invest in Augmented Reality - Interview with our Head of AR.
Augmented Reality 28 September 2018.
Interview with our Head of AR.
Inside-channels.ch spoke with our Head of AR Reto Grob about the development opportunities and risks of augmented reality.
Several market research companies estimate the global market for augmented reality solutions at EUR 24 billion or even as much as EUR 83 billion by 2021.
This is despite the fact that the technology that combines virtual reality with the real environment is anything but hype – at least if you believe Gartner's analysts who put AR in the trough of disillusionment in the latest hype cycle.
It is certainly a technology that could achieve greater market penetration in the coming years.
In Switzerland people are working on AR applications as well.
For example Netcetera invested in the sector early on and presently has a team of nine specialists working on augmented reality solutions in a dedicated department.
The demand for AR applications is constantly growing.
With the publication of the financial results for the last six months the Zurich-based software company stated that they are already noticing significant demand for AR.
However up to now this demand has been limited to pilot projects for SBB the Bühler technology group railway & track construction specialist Müller Gleisbau the Swiss Museum of Transport in Lucerne and Bern University Hospital.
During a background interview with inside-channels.ch at Netcetera's headquarters Reto Grob Head of AR at the software company asserted: In the long term augmented reality is a major topic at Netcetera which is why we were one of the first Swiss companies to invest in this area and initiate specific projects.
The demand is constantly growing.
The software architect who has been in charge of the department for 18 months now compares AR to mobile platforms.
At the turn of the millennium they were still in their infancy but are now an indispensable part of every life.
Among other things we wanted to know how much Netcetera is investing in this technology and whether they are already making money from it.
Furthermore we wanted to know what the evolution of the market looks like and what the major obstacles are for widespread use of AR in the business sector.
We are heading towards a profitable situation.
According to Grob they have made major investments in AR in the last two years and boosted their development resources.
However the godfather of this division would not give any specific figures.
Even so the scope of the investment can be roughly estimated based on the size of the department.
The nine AR specialists work in Zurich and at the nearshoring location in Skopje (Macedonia) though some in other areas too.
According to Micaëla Raschle Grand who is responsible of the marketing and communications for the department the expenditure is justified by the order situation.
However Netcetera is not tipping its hand on sales and profit figures.
We are close to the break-even point, is all that AR head Grob has to say – and that they have a good outlook and plan for the next twelve to eighteen months.
We are heading towards a profitable situation.
Just recently they were able to book two more customers from the industrial sector.
The main focus of Netcetera's AR department is the business sector.
It can benefit from the technology for maintenance and quality control training courses and sales.
Many companies are already carrying out pilot projects in this area but only a few applications are productive says Grob.
These are not trivial apps by any means adds Raschle Grand.
They are serious projects: AR is used in particular to boost productivity.
The customer experience is good and they are receiving positive feedback the department's story-teller assures us.
At Netcetera they expect to see the most significant growth in industrial maintenance.
By contrast the business cases for the health care and educational sectors where AR applications could certainly be worthwhile are more complex.
Here we are seeing relatively large obstacles with regard to regulations fundings and politics, says Grob.
Technical and financial hurdles.
Grob is generally optimistic about the future.
I don't see any major risks or hurdles and the market is growing, says the computer scientist with a degree from ETH.
Netcetera's primary aim in 2017 was to create awareness in the entire ecosystem.
This year the main focus is on specific applications.
However they do not have any influence on hardware development such as the AR glasses HoloLens or Magic Leap One both of which are used at Netcetera.
Broader acceptance is currently hampered by difficulties such as the limited field of view and high cost.
However the glasses are important in the industrial sector because they leave both hands free for work unlike smartphones or tablets.
Despite this Grob thinks that AR apps for normal smartphones and tablets will gain acceptance more rapidly over the next two years.
Here as well Netcetera is in a good position.
They have a large team of iOS and Android developers who can be deployed to develop mobile AR solutions.
A general hindrance at present is that monetary validation of the use of AR is still lacking among customers.
Although companies see the potential some budgets are still missing, concludes Grob.
However I am confident that the number will increase significantly in the near future.
Netcetera is well equipped for this according to Raschle Grand.
The Zurich-based software specialist has competition from ERP providers among others.
For example SAP offers similar solutions under the Leonardo umbrella.
When asked about this she points out that Netcetera's solutions are more specific and quicker to get up and running.
Our customers appreciate that they can test our solutions quickly and specifically in the business environment in order to gain experience for the next iteration, says Raschle Grand.
The interview was conducted by Thomas Schwendener and published on 27 Septemeber 2018 on inside-channels.ch.
Your contact.
Combating healthcare insurance fraud - Presentation & article by Kiril Milev.
Abu Dhabi 03 October 2018.
Presentation and interview by Kiril Milev.
An analysis proves it: Our RiSIC product could save millions in the healthcare industry.
The risk classification system based on artificial intelligence can help identify waste abuse and fraud in health insurance claims - currently tailored for GCC region.
The results of the first claims analysis by our machine learning solution were presented at a conference in Oman and stated in a UAE newspaper article.
The results of the first claims analysis conducted in the UAE show that.
RiSIC increases denial rate from 5% to 8.4%.
stated Kiril Milev our Managing Director of the Middle East division his interview at the UAE newspaper National .
In addition he presented the results also at the Middle East Healthcare Insurance Conference on 25 September 2018 in Oman, see presentation here.
The UAE specifically is a high-risk market for insurers because the healthcare market is growing at such a fast pace.
The market is dominated by the private sector with a mandatory insurance requirement.
In the conducted analysis we detected absurd amounts of fraud waste and abuse.
Remarkable about our product RiSIC is that it is fed with historical data and tunes up for the business specifics starting its first day on the job already understanding the local market nuances and unique claims patterns that the business deals with.
Learn more about our machine learning solution in this inside-it.ch article or at risic.ae.
Your contacts.
Unlocking the power of blockchain @GITEX - Strengthening our network in the Middle East.
Dubai 12 October 2018.
Strengthening our network in the Middle East.
At this year’s GITEX Technology Week in Dubai we teamed up with our local partner Finesse to showcase our latest blockchain technology solution n-blocks.
This new way of document management sparks seamless service delivery: it creates a world of lower costs decreases time spent pushing paper and provides integrated communication across teams departments organisations and countries.
Initially designed for cryptocurrencies blockchain’s true potential lies in business applications.
It provides a distributed ledger of all transactions that is almost impossible to be hacked or compromised.
Further it provides secure encryption and access control with private keys and easy document clearing reconciliation and verification.
We have been working extensively on exploring the potential of blockchain technology to solve business challenges.
With the introduction of our latest solution named n-blocks we have applied this knowledge harnessing the power of blockchain to revolutionize document handling and service provision for both governments and businesses.
Designed to offer exceptional security cost-efficiency scalability and adaptability n-blocks is a new way of document management that sparks seamless service delivery.
It creates a world of lower costs less time spent pushing paper and integrated communication across teams departments organisations and countries.
Аt this year’s.
GITEX we teamed up with.
Finesse as our local partner in digital transformation solutions in the Middle East to showcase our blockchain solution.
To know more talk to our experts about your challenges and about how your business processes can benefit from our blockchain solutions.
Visit us on 14 – 18 October 2018 at Hall No.
7 booth 709.
Netcetera ACS is EMVCo and Visa approved - At the forefront with 3-D Secure 2.0.
Secure digital payment 3-D Secure Issuer Service 17 October 2018.
Netcetera ACS is EMVCo and Visa approved.
At the forefront with 3-D Secure 2.0.
Our Netcetera ACS has now also been approved by EMVCo.
In addition we have successfully passed the Visa 3-D Secure Vendor Compliance test program.
The new 3-D Secure protocol 3DS 2.0 also known as EMV® 3DS addresses the challenge of increasing security requirements and higher expectations regarding user-friendliness.
Cardholders no longer have to remember passwords and can smoothly confirm payments from a mobile app - be it when shopping in a web shop or an app.
With the Letter of Approval from EMVCo our Netcetera Access Control Server (ACS) is ready to securing online credit card transactions according to the new 3DS 2.0 protocol.
First banks and issuers have already started the integration with the Netcetera 3-D Secure Issuer Service which is based on the Netcetera ACS and operated and hosted by us.
They will now be able to go into production shortly.
The Netcetera ACS is of course also certified for the 3DS 1.0 protocol: We passed the required Visa 3DS compliance test program with our Netcetera ACS and received the Letter of Compliance.
As an EMVCo Technical Associate we address new trends in payment transactions early on and keep our services and products up to date.
In September 2018 the Netcetera 3DS server was also approved by EMVCo.
To our 3DS Issuer Services.
Strategic partnership for video transcoding with PIC Systems AG - Strategic partnership for video transcoding.
Media release 22 October 2018.
Strategic partnership for video transcoding with PIC Systems AG.
We agreed on a strategic partnership with the image management experts of PIC Systems AG for the distribution of CodecChef.
CodecChef is a product for the transcoding of video films.
This strategic partnership intends to promote further development in the market of authorities and organizations for rescue and security.
Videos from surveillance cameras usually have to be transcoded with a lot of effort into a standard format for the police or the public prosecutor's office.
Netcetera has developed CodecChef a highly specialized tool for transcoding all types of video films.
CodecChef is already successfully in operation with police corps.
With.
PIC Systems AG.
Netcetera has now found a strategic partner for the further development and marketing of its products to authorities and organizations for rescue and security (BORS market in Switzerland).
Benno Häfliger Director Digital Enterprise at Netcetera: This is an important step for the further distribution of CodecChef and we are pleased to have found an experienced and established partner in PIC Systems AG .
Adrian Martin CEO at PIC Systems AG: With CodecChef from Netcetera we are expanding our offering with a groundbreaking product.
Our customers benefit from the experience and development Netcetera has put into the video transcoding product and from our competence in the field of image management .
PIC Systems AG has received the exclusive distribution rights for CodecChef as of 1.10.2018 and will integrate and further develop this application into its PIC IMS Police system landscape.
Netcetera is handing over direct sales in the BORS market.
PIC Systems AG has been present in this market for over 20 years.
Netcetera continues to sell CodecChef in the areas hospitals and X-ray institutes.
Netcetera 3DS Server approved by EMVCo.
As the first 3-D Secure 2.0 product in Europe 24 September 2018.
The digital future of emergency services work begins today - The digital future of emergency services work begins today.
Augmented Reality 30 October 2018.
The digital future of emergency services work begins today.
Simulate training operations digitally and realistically? Wear patrol glasses on which information can be imported in real time? This will soon become reality.
The rapid development of VR (Virtual Reality) and AR (Augmented Reality) tools for emergency services organizations (in German called Blaulichtorganisationen meaning “blue light organizations”) is in full swing.
When asking Reto Grob of Augment IT at the Zurich software company Netcetera about VR and AR scenarios for emergency services organizations he speaks of a currently unpredictable range and depth of application.
Especially in the area of AR the technology is in a rapid development process.
At the moment demand is being registered primarily in the area of vehicle and task force navigation in order to get to the right place faster and in a more targeted manner.
Equally interesting are all kinds of context-relevant additional information in the alarm center or on site.
However the business AR scene is only just beginning to emerge.”.
If we disregard data protection a great deal is already technically possible, says Grob.
For example car types can be clearly identified to make rescuing people at accident sites safer.
AR allows us to recognize control signs faces or even entire scenes on the road in order to act correctly with the help of artificial intelligence.
Grob describes Switzerland as innovative and creative in this field.
Police corps and fire brigades have already implemented Proofs of Concept.
However Grob does not want to name names.
He points out that the use of AR always requires adjustments to the processes and adds: If the emergency services organizations now actively take up the changes I am convinced that the corresponding special technology will also be available in good time .
Now devote yourself to the new.
In general Grob adds training and education are one of the obvious areas of application for both VR and AR.
AR can be operated in real environments with deployment scenarios while VR can mainly be used for basic training .
Particularly in the tactical area a great deal can be trained with AR especially since a wide variety of scenarios can be practiced and periodically tested.
All of this without great expenditure on material resources possibly even led by a trainer who does not have to be on site at all .
He adds that ideas possibilities and requirements had already been taken up early on with various police corps and fire brigades in innovation workshops.
This has already led to pilot projects which are now being translated into concrete projects and where the technology can be used productively.
Grob also emphasizes: If not all projects are used equally productively it is important to deal with them now and push ahead with the operational adjustments.
As a rule the technology is ready faster than behavioral changes can be implemented”.
He calls for an examination of the possibilities that lie dormant in this technological change today even if not everything is fully developed .
It is important to recognize that organizational and process-related adaptations are always needed.
The interview was published on blaulicht-iv.ch.
Augment IT by Netcetera.
Contact the expert:
Winners: NZZ App and ChecklistAR - Best of Swiss Apps Award 2018.
Awards 08 November 2018.
Awards at the Best of Swiss Apps Award 2018.
Best of Swiss Apps Award 2018: Our app for NZZ was awarded with Silver in Design and Bronze in User Experience & Usability.
In addition our Augmented Reality product ChecklistAR won bronze in the Enterprise category.
At the Best of Swiss Apps Awards ceremony on 7 November 2018 in Zurich the apps we developed won three prizes.
The app for NZZ won silver in the category Design and bronze in the category User Experience & Usability.
The completely redesigned NZZ app features the new design of NZZ.ch.
We have adapted it for NZZ and added additional functions.
In addition to the classic view together with NZZ we have enriched the new area My NZZ with additional functions such as individual reading recommendations watch lists and the most important information of the day.
Additionally our product.
ChecklistAR won Bronze in the category Enterprise.
Augment IT by Netcetera and Müller Technologie AG in Frauenfeld successfully tested the use of Augmented Reality in maintenance with this app.
The digitization of the checklist helps maintenance personnel with less training and experience to perform the work with the same quality.
The future of payment - Our experts‘ insights at the Swiss Payment Forum.
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub 14 November 2018.
The future of payment.
Our experts‘ insights at the Swiss Payment Forum.
How is the digitalization of the payment industry progressing and what is driving the digital transformation of banks? Three of our payment experts have answers to these questions: They shared their knowledge at the Swiss Payment Forum in November 2018 the conference of the payment industry in Switzerland.
Find the presentations from the Swiss Payment Forum here:
Kurt Schmid Managing Director Digital Payment.
“Digital Payment - Quo vadis?”.
Peter Frick Managing Director Payment Security: “Driving transactional growth – it's reality”.
Dr Thomas Fromherz Chief Strategy Officer Payments: “Secure Remote Commerce – Is the credit card industry getting around the wallet bend with SRC?”.
Find a short video in German here:
Contact the experts:
Apple/Google Pay versus Issuer Wallet? - Fast and secure mobile payment experience with ToPay.
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub 15 November 2018.
Apple/Google Pay versus Issuer Wallet?
Fast and secure mobile payment experience.
Confronted with the potential loss of the traditional customer interface banks and issuers are currently facing the challenge of optimally playing the digital customer journey.
Particularly relevant is the payment process itself which is increasingly digital and mobile and integrated into the daily interactions of consumers via the smartphone.
Banks and issuers should therefore strive to maximize digital customer touchpoints in order to remain present in the brand perception of consumers.
With Netcetera's white label product ToPay Mobile Wallet issuers banks and other wallet providers can offer a fast and secure mobile payment experience while strengthening their customer relationships with valuable payment-related services.
In addition to the integration of an issuer-controlled HCE tokenization solution (ToPay Cloud Payment) the product also offers in-app provisioning of cards for Google Pay and Apple Pay ( green path activation with one click).
Which of these solutions is to be preferred depends on many factors and should be systematically evaluated.
Our payment experts will be happy to advise you on this topic.
Simply contact us at topay@netcetera.com.
More about ToPay.
Gold for outstanding user experience - Paraplegic app awarded at Digital Economy Award.
User Experience 23 November 2018.
Paraplegic app awarded at Digital Economy Award.
Our prototype for an app for the prevention of pressure points makes everyday life easier for wheelchair users and paraplegics.
We developed the prototype in a research project together with Swiss Paraplegic Research.
At the Digital Economy Award in November 2018 the project won a gold certificate for its outstanding user experience.
Pressure sores are one of the most common complications in people with spinal paralysis.
These bruises are extremely painful lengthy to treat and can result in expensive hospital treatment lasting several weeks.
During rehabilitation those affected receive recommendations for the prevention of pressure sores but some of them implement them inadequately after leaving the hospital.
As part of a study we developed a smartphone app that offers patients personalized support in preventing pressure sores.
Helping people to help themselves.
The value of the app lies in the prevention and better treatment of developing skin pressure points.
It enables users to behave correctly and helps them to monitor their skin condition.
With a built-in messenger device they have the possibility to contact local and specialized health professionals in case a pressure spot should occur despite their efforts.
Our prototype is precisely tailored to the needs and limitations of the paraplegic target group and is unique in the world due to the direct secure and encrypted connection of healthcare professionals.
None of the currently available apps in this sector offer such extensive functionality and none of the other apps offer integrated secure and privacy-compliant communication with healthcare professionals from the region.
Awarded for outstanding user experience.
At the Digital Economy Award in Zurich in November the jury honored the prototype with a Gold Certificate in the category Highest Digital Quality .
This award for the user experience and the design process is well deserved.
The creation process is a prime example of the optimal involvement of users in the design process.
From day one we have permanently integrated the future users into the design process.
This really helped us to understand their problems and to develop an app that is actually useful in everyday life.
The design was refined in two iterations and tested with users from the target group at the end of each iteration.
We observed the 20 users animated them to think aloud and then interviewed them.
In addition a co-design session (design studio) with future users took place at the beginning of the design work.
Accessible thanks to Chat Bot.
A group of paraplegics has limited hand motor skills.
We have discussed but rejected an enlargement of all buttons beyond the usual extent.
For an optimal user guidance we used a Conversational User Interface.
In addition to classic navigation a virtual coach can guide users through the contents and functions of the app.
All main use cases are accessible via a classic menu navigation as well as via a voice interface.
Our UX Architect Adrian Heydecker presented the advantages of a conversational interface over a classic graphical user interface at the World Usability Day at the beginning of November.
Adrian led the entire design and usability process for the prototype.
Find the World Usability Day poster illustrating the project here (German).
Find a short teaser video with an example interview with the coach here.
The next step is to expand the concept and close gaps so that the prototype is ready for implementation.
Are you also interested in a perfect design process for your application? Our experts are happy to help you!
UX at Netcetera.
Netcetera and Livingdocs launch comprehensive publishing solution after successful implementation at NZZ - Launching a comprehensive publishing solution.
Media release 28 November 2018.
Netcetera and Livingdocs launch comprehensive publishing solution after successful implementation at NZZ.
The software company Netcetera and the CMS manufacturer Livingdocs have agreed on a strategic partnership to further expand and bundle their publishing competencies after their successful work for the NZZ Media Group.
The partners plan to offer an integrated and comprehensive one-stop publishing solution.
Netcetera and Livingdocs enter into a strategic partnership to bring a set of software components for the entire publishing process to market.
Components from content creation to publication on digital devices and printing will cover all the requirements of a publishing house or communications agency in one integrated platform.
The challenge facing large media houses is digitization and the associated convergence.
The integrated publishing solution from Netcetera and Livingdocs – as a complete cloud service or on-premise – meets the constantly growing requirements for the production distribution and analysis of their products and formats.
The solution enables leading media houses to reduce the complexity and risks of IT investments significantly.
Gabriel Hase CEO Livingdocs: Livingdocs is an innovative start-up that aims to solve the content creation process for publishers and communication professionals.
Through the partnership with Netcetera Livingdocs can concentrate on its core competence and knows that integration and development of end customer products is in good hands .
Andrej Vckovski CEO Netcetera: With this partnership we bundle and focus our competencies and many years of experience in the publishing industry.
This will enable us to offer our customers a comprehensive integrated platform with which they are prepared for the digital challenges ahead.
Netcetera and Livingdocs have already worked together for the NZZ Media Group and implemented the publication solution for around 800 journalists throughout the publishing house.
With this strategic partnership Netcetera and Livingdocs combine knowledge concepts and competences around the publishing industry.
The planned comprehensive solution is the result of many years of experience in the media and communications industry and very close cooperation with market leaders.
This will enable the industry to tackle current digital challenges and secure itself technically for the future.
Talk to our experts:
First 3-D Secure ACS with Mastercard compliance letter - Fast access to Mastercard Identity Check Program for issuers.
Secure digital payment 3-D Secure Issuer Service 10 December 2018.
First 3-D Secure ACS with Mastercard compliance letter.
Fast access for card issuers to the Mastercard Identity Check Program.
We are the first ACS provider to receive the Letter of Compliance from Mastercard.
The Netcetera Access Control Server (ACS) is now fully compliant with the 3-D Secure 2.1 Specifications and the Mastercard Identity Check Program rules.
Our customers now have faster and easier access to the Mastercard Identity Check Program.
More about our ACS.
New partnership in the Middle East - Teaming up with NEM for strong blockchain market position.
Blockchain 17 December 2018.
Teaming up with NEM to strengthen the ME blockchain market position.
We are happy to announce our partnership with NEM.
Together we will work in innovation and marketing of applications based on blockchain technologies.
We plan to increase the number of use cases for the benefit of our customers in various industries.
Recently we launched the n-blocks platform harnessing the power of blockchain to revolutionize document handling and service delivery for governments and businesses.
The platform itself is based on the NEM technology realizing its big potential and advantages over other similar solutions based on blockchain.
The partnership will reinforce our position as an early adopter of this technology in the region and prove NEM’s leadership as a distributed ledger platform.
“Netcetera will be a great addition to NEM’s enterprise partners.
Their strong presence in the EU and our collaboration with them will allow NEM to extend its reach to the Middle East,” says Dona Rinon NEM Middle East Leader.
We have been extensively exploring blockchain potential in the past three years and showcased n-blocks for the first time at this years’.
Gitex Technology Week .
“We have developed n-blocks in our innovation labs.
n-blocks brings smart document handling for businesses and government leveraging blockchain to create secure and error-proof auditable record keeping” says Kiril Milev our Managing Director at Netcetera Middle East.
“The tight collaboration with NEM will allow us to create top-notch blockchain solutions for contemporary businesses and governments.”.
Recent UX blog posts - Our architects are sharing their know-how.
User Experience 21 December 2018.
Our UX architects are sharing their know-how.
Our UX Architects Aleksandra Hristov and Viktorija Bachvarova are actively sharing their knowledge in the Netcetera Tech blog.
Click the links to find out more about how to set up a flexible color system 6 learnings from designing a mobile wallet how to work with nested symbols in sketch the difference between SASS/LESS variables and CSS custom properties.
Quick fix:
Inline-block HTML elements with total 100% width that drop in a new line.
Happy reading! Stay tuned for more UX related articles on our tech blog: https://blog.netcetera.com/ or learn more about UX at Netcetera on https://ux.netcetera.com.
Photo by Pankaj Patel on Unsplash.
Automatic configuration checks for CMS installations - Presentation at Magnolia DevDays by our expert.
Software Architecture 28 December 2018.
Automatic configuration checks for CMS installations.
Presentation by our Magnolia expert Bisera Ivanovska.
At this years' Magnolia DevDays the Annual Conference for CMS developers organized in Basel (Switzerland) our Software Engineer Bisera Ivanovska was part of the speakers’ panel.
She presented what she and her team did to improve the logs and checks that are in place for (pre)release deliveries using Magnolia - in the light of common events (issues clarifications).
The main idea of this feature is to ensure the correctness of configuration settings prior and post deployments for test and production environments.
Look at Biseras presentation on Slideshare.
Our expert Bisera Ivanovska presenting (© Magnolia International Ltd.).
Participants of Magnolia DevDays 2018 (© Magnolia International Ltd.).
Winner Golden Transaction 2019 - We were awarded for innovation at the Payment Exchange.
Secure digital payment 3-D Secure Acquiring Products 3-D Secure Issuer Service.
Awards 25 January 2019.
Netcetera awarded for innovation at the Payment Exchange.
We won the Golden Transaction in the Innovation category for our outstanding and innovative payment solutions.
On 24 January 2019 PAYMENTANDBANKING and Payment Exchange awarded the Golden Transaction 2019 prize for the third time in the three categories Innovation Customer Benefit and User Experience for the most innovative payment solution of the year.
The award-winning solutions have a positive effect on the payment process optimize conversion usability risk and/or costs and offer a real benefit for the user.
At the festive evening show of the Payment Exchange in Berlin our 3-D Secure and Payment experts proudly accepted the award.
Michael Seifert (Managing Director Netcetera GmbH) left and Dr Thomas Fromherz (our Chief Strategy Officer Payments) are happily presenting the gifts.
With 15 years of experience we operate a comprehensive and flexible 3-D Secure Service to best support the needs and requirements of card issuers and banks in a rapidly changing market.
The new Netcetera Access Control Server (ACS) was one of the first to be certified for the new version of 3-D Secure called EMV 3DS.
With the Netcetera 3-D Secure Issuer Service, we were the first payment service provider worldwide to receive the Letter of Compliance for the Mastercard Identity Check program.
In November 2018 we processed the world's first end-to-end EMV 3DS authenticated transaction with a Mastercard credit card via the Netcetera ACS.
More about our products: 3-D Secure Issuer Service 3-D Secure Acquiring Products.
For more information ask our expert.
More Stories.
Gewinner Goldene Transaktion 2019 - Ausgezeichnet für Innovation an der Payment Exchange.
Secure Digital Payment 3-D Secure Acquiring Produkte 3-D Secure Issuer Service.
Awards 25.
Januar 2019.
Gewinner Goldene Transaktion 2019.
Netcetera ausgezeichnet für Innovation an der Payment Exchange.
Wir haben die Goldene Transaktion in der Kategorie «Innovation» für unsere herausragenden und innovativen Lösungen im Bereich Payment gewonnen.
PAYMENTANDBANKING und die Payment Exchange verliehen diesen Preis am 24.
Januar 2019 zum dritten Mal in den drei Kategorien «Innovation» «Kundennutzen» und «User Experience» an die innovativste Payment-Lösung des Jahres.
Die preisgekrönten Lösungen wirken sich positiv auf den Bezahlvorgang aus optimieren die Conversion Usability Risiko und/oder Kosten und bieten einen echten Mehrwert für den Nutzer.
An der festlichen Abendshow der.
Payment Exchange in Berlin nahmen unsere 3-D Secure und Payment Experten die Auszeichnung stolz entgegen.
Michael Seifert (Managing Director Netcetera GmbH) links und Dr Thomas Fromherz (our Chief Strategy Officer Payments) freuen sich über den gewonnen Preis.
Wir betreiben basierend auf 15 Jahren Erfahrung einen umfassenden und flexiblen 3-D Secure Service um die Bedürfnisse und Anforderungen von Kartenherausgebern und Banken in einem sich schnell verändernden Markt optimal zu unterstützen.
Der neue Netcetera Access Control Server (ACS) wurde als einer der ersten für die neue Version von 3-D Secure genannt EMV 3DS zertifiziert.
Mit dem eigens betriebenen.
Netcetera 3-D Secure Issuer Service haben wir als erster Zahlungsdienstleister weltweit den Letter of Compliance für das Mastercard Identity Check Programm erhalten.
Im November 2018 wickelten wir über den Netcetera ACS die weltweit erste End-to-End EMV 3DS authentisierte Transaktion mit einer Mastercard Kreditkarte ab.
Mehr über unsere Produkte: 3-D Secure Issuer Service 3-D Secure Acquiring Products.
Für weitere Informationen kontaktieren Sie unseren Experten.
Zürich 3-D Secure Issuer Service 3-D Secure Acquiring Produkte.
We unite women specialized in technology & computing - Sponsoring of the first Ada Lovelace Festival in Switzerland.
Zürich 13 September 2019.
We unite women specialized in technology & computing.
Sponsorship of the first Ada Lovelace Festival in Switzerland.
We supported the first.
Ada Lovelace Festival in Switzerland which took place on Friday September 6 2019 in the Alte Sihlpapierfabrik in Zürich.
The half day included an inspiring mix of technical knowledge transfer valuable networking opportunities and mentoring coaching programs.Martina Forster our Senior Product Manager Payment Security lead one of the coaching programs.
She talked and discussed with the participants about.
Stakeholder communication – gaining approval for your product strategy.
We also invited a special guest Ada Lovelace herself.
Ada Lovelace the eponym of this event was impersonated by an actress.
The British mathematician (1815 - 1852) is now considered a software pioneer.
During the festival Ada talked to numerous visitors and answered their questions.
Ada Lovelace in Zürich at Netcetera offices and the festival.
We are joining forces with Unitek - Specialist in processing financial data.
Media release 04 February 2019.
We acquired a stake in Unitek a leading specialist in processing financial data.
We have been working closely together for several years.
With this cooperation we want to make greater use of synergies and jointly develop new business areas.
Two IT companies intensify their cooperation: we acquired a minority stake in Unitek.
Unitek becomes part of the holding company Netcetera Group.
Unitek brings its specialized knowledge in the processing of financial data while we bring our size and global network to the partnership.
Andrej Vckovski CEO of Netcetera: With the investment in Unitek we are complementing our financial division with Unitek's specialized expertise and deepening our already close cooperation.”.
Frans van der Reijden CEO of Unitek: The partnership with Netcetera brings continuity and security to our customers.
Thanks to Netcetera's size expertise and nearshoring Unitek can now implement extensive and complex projects together with Netcetera .
More about Unitek.
The latest on tokenization and 3DS SDK - Our payment experts share their knowledge with the community.
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub 25 February 2019.
The latest on tokenization and 3DS SDK.
Our payment experts share their knowledge with the community.
Our experts presented the following topics at MPE (Merchant Payments Ecosystems) a leading payment conference for merchants and PSPs on 19 – 21 February in Berlin:
Kurt Schmid Managing Director Digital Payment presented the latest on eCommerce tokenization and EMV Secure Remote Commerce.
Click here for Kurt’s presentation.
Suzana Kordumova Nikolova Senior Software Engineer explains how SDK enables a seamless 3-D Secure e-commerce experience.
Click here for Suzana's presentation.
Kurt Schmid during the panel discussion.
Suzana Kordumova Nikolova (on the right) during the panel discussion.
Kurt Schmid presenting the latest on tokenization and EMV SRC.
Suzana Kordumova Nikolova shows how to implement a seamless payment experience with 3DS SDK.
Culture and Skateboards - Netcetera Cultura supports skateboard festival.
Cultura 07 March 2019.
Netcetera Cultura supports skateboard festival.
The Zurich Freestyle Hall has been transformed into a cozy living room the light is dimmed the halfpipe is illuminated with spotlights the food and drinks are ready and the DJ plays music.
Since 2014 an annual skateboard and culture festival takes place in Zurich's Freestyle Hall.
At the beginning of every winter season skateboarders of all levels and ages meet to prove their skills.
The evening is accompanied by DJs and individual bands especially put together for the occasion.
In order to make the 5th anniversary unique the organizers plan a special cultural program this year.
Netcetera Cultura has made a financial contribution to support the organizer in making the event as cool as possible.
It's nice that we can also support this project.
Audience’s favorite ofDigital Top 10' - Analysis toolWüest Insights' developed with Wüest Partner.
Real estate 06 March 2019.
Audience’s favorite of Digital Top 10.
Analysis tool Wüest Insights developed with Wüest Partner.
The digital analysis tool Wüest Insights which we developed together with Wüest Partner is one of the most innovative projects in 2019.
The award “Top 10 Digital Real Estate honors the most innovative tools that advance the Swiss real estate industry.
Another one of our projects has won an award: Wüest Insights by.
Wüest Partner is one of the ten most innovative projects in 2019.
Wüest Insights is part of the Wüest Dimensions real estate valuation platform developed by us.
The exclusive evaluation .
Top 10 Digital Real Estate presents the most innovative projects in the Swiss real estate industry.
An expert jury selected the Top 10 from over 50 entries.
For the first time they also conducted an audience voting: The audience selected Wüest Insights from the Top 10 as one of the four most interesting cases.
The four favorites were presented at the 5th Digital Real Estate Summit on 5 March 2019.
Dr Alain Chaney Partner at Wüest Partner: We are proud that Wüest Insight is among the 10 most innovative projects of 2019.
Our development partner Netcetera with its innovative power makes a significant contribution to ensuring that our products are always at the forefront of development .
Driving innovation in the real estate sector.
Wüest Dimensions real estate valuation platform that we have implemented is the technical backbone of Wüest Partners' valuation activities.
The interactive web application bundles information such as property master data property valuations with all relevant methods location and market information comparison with market rents and transaction prices construction projects or property advertisements.
In 2018 we integrated the new scalable module Wüest Insights.
The Business Intelligence module significantly expands the possibilities in digital risk and portfolio management.
Wüest Insights enables end customers to analyze their real estate portfolio quickly intuitively and ad-hoc and compare it with market and benchmark data.
The business analysis platform offers interactive maps in which the user can select properties and regions of a portfolio.
At the same time the user can relate the matching comparison data to the selected objects.
The risk analysis and portfolio optimization is based on an up-to-date and well-founded data basis.
This means that all functions are available in a single customer-friendly application and the evaluations are completely digitalized.
The digital analysis tool Wüest Insights.
Mastercard certified: Netcetera 3DS Server SaaS - Now ready for major card schemes.
Secure digital payment 3-D Secure Acquiring Products 03 September 2019.
Mastercard certified: Netcetera 3DS Server SaaS.
Now ready for major card schemes.
We have successfully completed the testing and certification with Mastercard for the Netcetera 3DS Server SaaS.
This product currently in the last stages of development is our latest addition to our 3-D Secure product portfolio.
With certification for Diners Visa and Mastercard it is now ready for the major card schemes.
Future customers of the Netcetera 3DS Server SaaS will not need to do any certification to process Mastercard Visa and Diners transactions.
The 3DS Server SaaS from Netcetera ensures the smooth and reliable processing of card payments from a web shop.
Payment Service Providers and Acquirers can easily integrate with the Netcetera 3DS Server SaaS to ensure that their web shops support strong authentication according regulation offer a seamless cardholder experience and generate a larger number of transactions.
More about our 3DS Acquiring Products.
Want to know more? Peter Fricks likes to hear from you:
Netcetera and DKB simplify online credit card payment with biometrics - Simplifying online credit card payment with biometrics.
Media release 20 March 2019.
Netcetera and DKB simplify online credit card payment with biometrics.
Drastically simplified registration process for online security procedures with app.
The software company Netcetera market leader for 3-D Secure in the DACH region together with the Deutsche Kreditbank AG (DKB) has modernized the 3-D Secure process for its customers and integrated the payment approval via biometrics.
One of the largest card issuers in Germany hereby integrates the registration and payment authorization for card payments into their banking app.
The implemented security procedure complies with the payment directive PSD2 dictated by the EU from September 2019.
DKB customers activate their credit cards in the app easily quickly and securely for their online purchases.
With an increase of 11.4 percent to EUR 65.10 billion gross sales of goods in e-commerce continued to grow at double-digit rates in 2018.
Pure e-commerce sales thus account for more than every eighth euro in the retail sector.
The online marketplaces also continued to grow strongly.
To do justice to this trend banks have to offer their customers a modern and carefree online shopping experience.
With over 4 million cards Deutsche Kreditbank AG is one of the first major banks to offer a solution that allows cardholders to register directly for a security procedure in real time.
The jointly implemented registration process without media discontinuity and the very user-friendly 3-D Secure payment process using biometric approval ensure secure and simple purchases with significantly fewer payment interruptions.
Mark Hauel Head of Private Customers at.
DKB confirms: Together with Netcetera we have further developed our banking app so that we can provide our customers with an optimized user experience through biometric authentication.
This feature is also consistent with our understanding of an advanced online direct bank and digitized processes .
Easier registration and activation for greater usability.
The 3-D Secure process has been significantly simplified by integrating the functions of the previous DKB Card-Secure app into the banking app.
This eliminates the need for a cumbersome card registration process with an identity code sent by post or one-cent bank transfer.
This modernization simplifies the registration process enormously.
The strong authentication of the cardholder in the banking app is now also used for the 3-D Secure functionality.
There the user activates his card for 3-D Secure with a simple click and enters a TAN number for confirmation.
In addition the support of biometrics simplifies the secure payment process.
After the checkout in the online shop the sales details are presented to the user on the smartphone again.
He identifies himself in the banking app with the biometric function supported by the device (eg by fingerprint or Face ID) and then releases the payment quickly and easily with a click - without having to enter a TAN number or password.
Peter Frick Managing Director Payment Security at Netcetera says: Our implementation of the latest development in the 3-D Secure environment for DKB is a milestone for digital payment.
DKB can thus offer the best possible user experience while at the same time ensuring a high level of security .
This progress in online payment traffic increases user-friendliness enormously.
Banks and card issuers are thus making credit card payments in online retail more attractive for their customers again.
In addition online shops increase their turnover thanks to fewer interruptions during the payment process.
Both will lead to a further increase in the acceptance of credit cards and payments as well as payment by smartphone in Germany.
Login with fingerprint.
Driving Artificial Intelligence - Joint venture AI First launched with 4Quant.
Media release 27 March 2019 4Quant and Netcetera drive Artificial Intelligence.
Joint venture AI First launched 4Quant and the software company Netcetera have entered into a partnership to provide companies with fast and successful access to artificial intelligence (AI) applications.
In February 2019 the two companies launched the joint venture AI First (Artificial Intelligence First) with which they promote the distribution of AI applications in Switzerland.
Their focus is on topics such as data science and machine/deep learning which are an important part with great potential in the field of AI.
In AI First 4Quant and Netcetera combine their many years of experience in the field of AI with their proven track record.
The use of AI-based applications brings revolutionary new opportunities for the entire economy.
Netcetera and 4Quant bundle their synergies in the joint venture.
AI First .
In doing so they open up these new opportunities for Swiss companies to achieve business advantages.
KI is integrated into the existing competencies of the two companies: In AI First they combine their decades of experience in classic disciplines such as requirements engineering software development user experience and IT operations with their pioneering AI expertise.
They know the market the customers and the customers' data and know how and where artificial intelligence can be leveraged best for business success.
Joachim Hagger Managing Director of 4Quant and responsible for Business Development at AI First: With AI First we help our customers to make the step from AI experiments to the benefit of AI in the value chain.
4Quant as an AI specialist and Netcetera as a potent player for enterprise software complement each other ideally .
Andrej Vckovski CEO of Netcetera: Switzerland is predestined to play a leading role in artificial intelligence in Europe to meet the growing demand for AI applications.
We see a lot of potential for our customers in this area and want to make this market accessible to them.
4Quant complements Netcetera's AI expertise perfectly .
Identifying AI applications with potential.
Most companies have data in various formats.
They are often stored without further thought.
AI First's experts can revive this data by identifying appropriate business use cases that can be optimized using AI techniques.
They record revise process and analyze any type of data to provide insights that can be turned into business value.
Machine or deep learning has established itself as the discipline with the widest range of applications in the wide field of AI.
AI First already has business-relevant applications based on machine learning in production.
Nithin Mathews Senior Project Manager & Consultant at Netcetera and responsible for Business Development at AI First: AI-controlled technologies have the potential to optimize established processes in companies and thus generate verifiable business value.
To exploit this potential companies often lack the technical and consulting knowledge.
AI First offers exactly this from a single source .
To the AI First website.
Nithin Mathews.
Senior Project Manager & Consultant +41 44 297 58 39.
Zürich 20180326-netcetera-medieninfo-launch-aifirst-DE.pdf.
Size: 123 KB.
Are machines interested in learning the insurance business? 01 April 2019 3-D Secure for DKB.
Artificial Intelligence partner at WTIC - Are machines interested in learning the insurance business?
Dubai 01 April 2019.
Are machines interested in learning the insurance business?
Under the moto “Reinforcing customer engagement & Operational agility through digital transformation” the 14th World Takaful & InsurTech Conference takes place on 1 - 2 April in Dubai.
As a company addressing GCC specific healthcare insurance issues we have joined as an exclusive artificial intelligence partner.
Under the moto “Reinforcing customer engagement & Operational agility through digital transformation” the 14th World Takaful & InsurTech Conference will takes place on 1 2 April 2019 in Dubai.
WTIC 2019 is the definitive ultimate forum to meet leading minds from Takaful InsurTech and Insurance Innovation with representation from over 35 countries ranging from key markets for Takaful such as the GCC and South East Asia to emerging markets such as Africa and Europe.
As a company addressing GCC specific healthcare insurance issues we have joined as an exclusive artificial intelligence partner.
Our Managing Director on the Middle East Kiril Milev will present the experience and logic behind our fraudulent pattern detection software solution RiSIC.
As a positive use case RiSIC is addressing waste fraud and abuse in the health insurance industry based on historical transactions qualifying the anomaly of each new transaction compared to the history and assign a potential risk to it.
You can learn more about our product at risic.ae.
First start-up investment.
Cognism: Sales-acceleration with machine learning engine 10 January 2017.
Netcetera and the i-engineers launch the Healthcare Ecosystem - Digitizing hospital processes together with the i-engineers.
Healthcare Ecosystem 02 April 2019.
Netcetera and the i-engineers launch the Healthcare Ecosystem.
Netcetera and the i-engineers have jointly built an ecosystem of interconnected solutions.
We assemble your individual solution from this constantly growing range of standardized modules.
And we adapt them to changing conditions without great effort.
Digitize your hospital processes with us and learn more about the advantages of the Healthcare Ecosystem.
To the Healthcare Ecosystem.
Cheerful children and relaxed parents - Silver award at Best of Swiss Web 2019.
Awards 17 April 2019.
Cheerful children and relaxed parents.
Pro Juventute Feriennet receives award at Best of Swiss Web 2019.
Together with the foundation Pro Juventute we have realized the Feriennet the clever and simple booking platform for managed holiday offers in Switzerland.
Activities for children such as pottery horse riding or theatre can be easily planned coordinated and handled with the platform.
This means a lot of fun for the children and less stress for their parents during the school holidays.
The Best of Swiss Web Award jury honored this smart planning and booking platform in April 2019: Feriennet wins Silver in the category Public Affairs.
Every Swiss child has at least 12 weeks of school holidays a year.
Unfortunately the working parents do not.
For this reason there must be external childcare for these children.
For years there have been local and regional holiday offers throughout Switzerland so-called holiday passes .
For this purpose offers such as pottery riding or theatre play have to be acquired and sponsors found.
The organizers used to coordinate and executed these with great time expense.
Up to now they carried out the complicated planning and coordination mainly by hand and the promoted the activities by means of local print publications or simple websites was very cumbersome and laborious.
Together with Pro Juventute we realized the platform Feriennet .
We rethought and reprogrammed the existing solution from scratch together with the company Seantis which is based in Lucerne.
With a fresh responsive design and many new and smart functions (allocation of children to offers) it has become the indispensable tool of numerous Swiss “holiday passes”.
The platform supports the entire planning and coordination process for holiday care with a simple cloud application.
At the Best of Swiss Web 2019 the jury awarded the Feriennet with Silver in the category Public Affairs.
The cleverness lies in its simplicity.
Pro Juventute would like to support the holiday passes throughout Switzerland with this smart platform and to do so as simple and low-priced as possible.
Since 2017 more and more associations have been using this smart planning and booking platform to organize managed holiday offers.
By the end of 2018 already more than 80 holiday passes had been activated.
The platform massively reduced the effort for planning and allocating the offers to the children.
It leads to more and better offers and reduces the effort for the organization and implementation of any offers.
The integrated sponsor management helps to operate this platform at very attractive conditions.
The offers can be used at any time and from anywhere with mobile devices (smartphones and tablets).
Some user numbers as of December 2018: more than 120'000 registered users more than 5'000 offers almost 20'000 registered/participating children more than 50,000 bookings.
Happy children parents and providers.
Each child can compile his or her wish list from the offers.
This also includes a “friends wish” so that the best friends can stay together.
The allocation to the offers takes place at the push of a button.
Thanks to the built-in «stable-marriage»-algorithm we achieve the greatest possible wish fulfilment and a balanced utilization of all offers.
Thus the organizing parents benefit in particular as they no longer have to make such time-consuming allocations manually.
Go to the Feriennet platform.
Representatives of Seantis Pro Juventute and us celebrate the win.
UX best practices and predictions - The future of prototyping and front-end up front.
User Experience 15 May 2019.
The future of prototyping and front-end up front.
Our User Experience experts Aleksandra Hristov and Marcel Kessler shared experiences and best practices of front-end implementations and an outlook on the future of prototyping.
The future of prototyping.
Marcel Kessler shared his vision of the future of prototyping at.
UXCamp in May 2019.
He believes that it will not be Sketch/Invision or Figma but some tool that works directly with code that takes react components directly from the Git repository.
He demonstrated.
UXPin Merge a tool that is in closed beta phase and had a short look at other tools like Framer X and Alva.
To Marcel’s presentation on slideshare.
Front-end up front.
Aleksandra Hristov talked about our experiences with pattern libraries to improve the communication between designers and developers at.
JavaSkop at the end of March 2019.
She showed that it is important to include the whole team and the client into the planning phase.
Other questions that she answered: How to plan and build components that can be used in different contexts and within other components with examples from real projects.
How we have used UX design principles to ease our front-end implementations with code examples using the latest CSS features and Angular.
To Aleksandra’s presentation on slideshare.
Marcel Kessler at UXCamp.
Picture by Claudio Schwarz claudioschwarz.com.
Talk to our UX expert:
“Insight” delivers insights and outlook - Dialogue platform for customers with customers.
Wemlin 21 May 2019 “Insight” delivers insights and outlook.
Dialogue platform for customers with customers.
At our first Insight event BLT Baselland Transport AG opened their doors and gave the participants an insight into their industry and operations.
With this event we offer invited guests from the top management of leading Swiss companies a platform for the exchange of information and ideas.
With the dialogue platform Insight we connect representatives from various industries for an insight into other companies and industries.
At the first Insight event on 16 May 2019 at.
BLT 's headquarters in Oberwil Switzerland there was an lively exchange on the subject of How BLT is helping to shape the mobility market within the framework of digital Switzerland .
The experts from BLT and Netcetera discussed the challenges facing the industry and pointed out possible solutions and new technologies and approaches.
During the subsequent tour through the headquarters the participants gained an insight into the control center and the BLT factory floor.
Andreas Büttiker Director of BLT commented on Insight: The Insight event together with Netcetera was a real enrichment and offered the ideal opportunity to exchange ideas with other industry representatives and to network .
The presentation:
New and innovative paths in joint market development?
An outlook by Oliver Aeschlimann Head of Product & Market Strategy Digital Enterprise at Netcetera.
Some impressions:
The BLT headquarters.
Oliver Aeschlimann Head of Product & Market Strategy Digital Enterprise at Netcetera.
Stephan Brode Chief Digital Officer BLT.
Andreas Büttiker Direktor BLT.
Visiting the BLT control center a special opportunity.
The BLT control center has the overview over the entire traffic of the transportation network.
During the tour though the BLT headquarters.
Spartkly new trams waiting to be let out on the streets.
Inspired? Get in contact with our expert.
EMVCo approved: Android and iOS 3DS SDK - Secure in-app commerce with higher transaction conversion.
Secure digital payment 3-D Secure Acquiring Products 23 May 2019.
EMVCo approved: Android and iOS 3DS SDK.
Secure in-app commerce with higher transaction conversion.
All our 3-D Secure products are EMVCo approved: Our Android and IOS 3DS SDK products have received the EMVCo Letter of Approval.
Acquirers merchants and PSPs with iOS and Android apps can now use our product to enroll in the 3DS 2.0 platforms of all credit card schemes.
Implementing the 3DS SDK component in the merchant app leads to a higher number of approved transactions and less shopping cart abandonments during the checkout process.
Online shopping from mobile devices has become daily standard routine.
In Europe the Payment Services Directive PSD2 and the major worldwide schemes mandate all e-commerce transactions to be strongly authenticated and seamless.
EMV 3-D Secure known as 3DS 2.0 standard own by.
EMVCo fulfills these requirements and reduces the transaction abandonment rate.
Netcetera’s 3DS SDK iOS and Android products are among the first EMVCo approved 3DS SDK products worldwide listed with EMVCo for the 2.0 protocol.
As an integral part of the shopping process the Netcetera 3DS SDK supports authentication and verification of the cardholder.
The 3DS SDK from Netcetera ensures the smooth and reliable processing of card payments from a native merchant app.
Merchants can easily integrate the 3DS 2.0 SDK to ensure that their app both supports strong authentication and generates a larger number of transactions.
They benefit from the liability shift to the card issuer and thereby reduce their risk for non-authenticated transactions associated refunds and lost revenue.
The 3DS SDK provides easy integration of the merchant app with the 3DS platforms of card networks.
From a consumer perspective the entire authentication process is handled within the app: seamless without distraction and redirects.
Even if an additional authentication is required consumers will feel at home during the complete shopping process.
Certified and approved digital payment offer.
All our 3DS products are now EMVCo approved.
The Netcetera ACS was one of the first to be certified for EMV 3DS.
We also received the EMVCo Letter of Approval for our 3-D Secure Server as first in Europe and second in the World.
Acquirers merchants and payment service providers can use our product to enroll in the 3DS 2.0 platforms of all credit card schemes.
With the Netcetera 3-D Secure Issuer Service we were the first payment service provider worldwide to receive the Letter of Compliance for the Mastercard Identity Check program.
In November 2018 we processed the world's first end-to-end EMV 3DS authenticated transaction with a Mastercard credit card via the Netcetera ACS.
In January 2019 we won the Golden Transaction in the Innovation category for our outstanding and innovative payment solutions.
As EMVCo Technical Associate Netcetera addresses new trends in payment early on and keeps its services and products up to date.
Why tokenization is essential - Serving two interests at once: Security & scalability.
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub 23 May 2019.
Why tokenization is essential.
Serving two interests at once: Security & scalability.
On the security side tokenization helps lowering the risk of storing and processing card data: Once credit card numbers (PANs) are stolen the damage can be extremely expensive for the party that did not protect this payment card data well enough.
In contrast if a token is compromised the funding PAN is not affected and therefore the plastic card does not need to be exchanged.
Instead only the compromised token will be blocked.
The tokenization allows using payment on all kind of devices and channels.
The distribution of a token and the binding to a dedicated use case allow scaling the operations.
Tokenization is common with contactless payments.
Issuer Wallets X Pays mobile contactless solutions based on smartphones and wearables are today already based on tokenization using TSPs from the schemes (AETS MDES VTS etc.).
Tokenization now also for e-commerce payments.
PSPs and merchants can benefit from tokenization as well.
Card not present payments will increase the security by adding cryptograms in transactions.
Also with scheme tokenization there is a connection from the merchant through the PSP via the TSP to the issuer.
This end to end connectivity has two main advantages:
The customer sees his real card picture and card details (like in X Pays).
Once the issuers updates or renews the card the assigned token holder (eg the merchant) will be notified.
Today accepting recurring payments is a challenge as around 3% of the stored cards are ending their lifetime each month.
How to approach this as PSP or merchant.
Typically merchants want to support all relevant schemes.
This entails developing an interface to all major TSPs like AETS MDES VTS etc.
Such a project with each scheme is costly and time consuming.
Netcetera has done this integration work with the ToPay Cloud Payment solution already.
Now we are extending this service to offer a unified and easy way of using scheme tokenization in e-commerce applications.
Netcetera offers standardized interfaces (API) to PSP and merchants to reduce complexity and accompanies the entire process of onboarding (MDES VTS AETS) with the schemes.
We support the following main use cases:
Enrollment.
Card data can be added manually or tokenized from card on file.
Display card art and card information.
The card date (eg last 4 digits of funding PAN card product name card image) can be retrieved and shown to the consumer.
Transacting.
A cryptogram can be generated for a transaction.
Lifecycle Management.
Notification to keep card data up to date – once an issuer blocks or renews a card the merchant will be notified.
The benefits for merchants and PSPs.
Summarizing the advantages of scheme tokenization in e-Commerce payments we can confirm this is a big step forward:
Merchants get significantly higher approval rates.
PSPs get higher security and less risk.
Card holder sees where the card is enrolled their real card data and images.
Merchants have direct connection to the card issuers and do not need to bother with expired cards.
Netcetera combines this technology with our 3DS SDK and the 3DS Server to fulfill the requirements of PSD2 in combination with merchant tokenization.
Digitizing a card.
Contact us for th next steps:
3-D Secure solution with Credorax - Leveraging Artificial Intelligence.
Secure digital payment 3-D Secure Acquiring Products 04 June 2019 3-D Secure solution with Credorax.
Leveraging Artificial Intelligence.
Credorax the NextGen merchant acquiring bank has implemented our EMV 3DS certified acquiring products into its payment processing gateway.
They added an Artificial Intelligence (AI) based optimization engine that analyses each transaction in real-time for the best business results.
This early-market offering will assist merchants with their compliance requirements to card schemes and European regulations in the most seamless way possible ensuring high acceptance rates.
Credorax developed their latest solution “Smart 3D Secure” in partnership with us: it is built on top of our 3-D Secure acquiring products (MPI 3DS Server and 3DS SDK) which are EMVCo certified and compliant with major EMV 3-D Secure scheme programs.
With this solution Netcetera and Credorax help merchants improve conversions optimise their checkout process reduce fraud and stay protected from fraudulent chargeback liability.
The transition to the new 3-D Secure 2.0 protocol is going into effect this year.
Our EMV certified 3DS acquiring products comply with the Payment Services Directive 2 (PSD2) requirements for strong user authentication.
As a result the “Smart 3D Secure” is also PSD2 compliant.
Cerdorax’s “3D Secure Adviser” is an AI-based flexible decision layer that analyses each transaction in real time and decides on the best 3-D Secure routing including risk assessment and exemption management.
“New mandated processing requirements can be seen as a burden but they can also drive innovation.
In this instance it inspired us to develop a solution for optimized usage of 3-D Secure facilitating frictionless customer authentication and smooth customer experiences,” said Moshe Selfin Chief Operations Officer and Chief Technology Officer at Credorax.
“We are excited to partner with Netcetera to launch this NextGen solution which offers our merchants the added advantage of compliancy to the Strong Customer Authentication requirements in the upcoming Payment Services Directive 2.” “We are excited to build on our strong relationship with Credorax a company that understands the evolutionary loops in tech and regulation and can react quickly to best serve their customers,” said Andrej Vckovski CEO of Netcetera.
“We are proud to provide certified EMV 3-D Secure products on which Credorax has built their solution.”.
Our 3DS Acquiring products.
Ana Vuksanovikj-Vanevska.
Senior Product Manager Payment Security +389 2 315 4605.
Skopje 3-D Secure Issuer Service 3-D Secure Acquiring Products.
Complete software solution for publishing houses launched - Launching a complete software solution for publishing houses.
Media release 13 June 2019.
Complete software solution for publishing houses launched.
After establishing the strategic collaboration in January the software company Netcetera and the CMS manufacturer Livingdocs today present Forward Publishing a complete solution for media houses and publishers.
This solution enables publishing houses to step into a sustainable digital and mobile-first future.
The challenge for large media houses is digitization and the convergence that goes with it.
Forward publishing addresses the associated changes in editorial processes and the contemporary reading experience and facilitates publishers‘ successful digital transformation.
Complete solution with AI and collaboration options.
Forward Publishing includes components from topic planning to content creation to publication.
Forward Publishing supports the core activities of digital publishing: editorial planning and coordination content creation and design playout on various channels analysis and evaluation of user behavior and monetization through a paywall.
These selected products support media houses in addressing the problems of increasingly distributed teams and journalist networks.
Among other things this enables seamless simultaneous digital collaboration in an intuitive editor environment (Forward Creation).
In addition personalized content can be deployed directly and without interruptions to various channels and end devices.
Based on machine learning models the publisher can track in real time how readers use content and optimize it accordingly (Forward Analytics).
With the Forward Paywall it is also possible to monetize the content and secure the revenue model.
Forward Publishing thus empowers publishers to gear themselves towards a sustainable digital and mobile-first business model.
Two companies one mission.
Forward Publishing builds on Netcetera and Livingdocs' many years of experience in developing modern publishing solutions.
They developed various publishing products for the NZZ Media Group and other large publishers.
This collaboration and the resulting blueprint served as the starting point for an integrated publishing solution.
The goal: more efficiency in publishing through tried and tested integrated products instead of costly in-house developments.
With Forward Publishing media houses are ready for tomorrow - today.
There is no longer one publisher, says Gabriel Hase CEO and founder of Livingdocs.
Publishers broadcasters companies and influencers are competing for attention in a constantly growing information market.
But one thing is the same for everyone: the need for a top technical solution that covers all aspects of online publishing.
Together with Netcetera we've done just that.
Andrej Vckovski CEO Netcetera: With Forward Publishing we are launching a comprehensive product range for publishers together with Livingdocs that will accompany and empower the media industry on their way to digital transformation.
More about Livingdocs: livingdocs.io.
Webinar frictionless 3-D Secure payments - Enhanced cardholder experience with Merchant Whitelisting.
Secure digital payment 3-D Secure Issuer Service 3-D Secure Acquiring Products 20 June 2019.
Webinar frictionless 3-D Secure payments.
Enhanced cardholder experience with Merchant Whitelisting.
Watch the recording of our expert’s webinar on how to increase frictionless online payments with 3-D Secure and Merchant Whitelisting.
Banks and card issuers learn how to increase conversion with frictionless online transactions while keeping control over fraud prevention.
Get to know how you can benefit most from the combination of EMV 3DS Risk-based Authentication and the European PSD2 RTS exemption «Merchant Whitelisting».
The presented comprehensive approach allows a flexible tuning and balancing of mandatory security and customer experience requirements.
Target audience: The webinar might be of special interest for European issuers confronted with PSD2 becoming effective on 14 September 2019.
3-D Secure Webinar of 12 June 2019.
The latest from the payment world.
Do you always want to be up-to-date about the latest developments in the payment industry such as PSD2 or SRC? Then subscribe to our quarterly news from the payment world.
Sign me up.
More webinars.
Martina Forster.
Senior Product Manager Payment Security +41 44 297 58 06.
Healthcare Ecosystem - Success factors for more efficiency in clinical processes.
Healthcare Ecosystem health engine 05 July 2019.
Success factors for more efficiency in clinical processes.
The challenges facing people systems and processes in the healthcare sector have hardly ever been as great as they are today.
In addition there is the rapid structural change.
New regulations new requirements new demands on therapy operations and finances are constantly emerging.
To master these challenges flexible IT structures high-performance data and process integration and an interoperable platform are required in the healthcare sector.
Netcetera and the i-engineers meet these requirements with their far-reaching Healthcare Ecosystem.
Read the success factors for more efficiency in clinical and administrative processes and how the Healthcare Ecostystem contributes in the article published in clinicum 3/19 (German only).
More about Healthcare Ecosytem.
Want to know more? Contact our expert:
Innovation and sustainability in the selection of technology - «In The Code» article by our CTO.
Consulting 09 July 2019.
Innovation and sustainability in the selection of technology «In The Code» article by our CTO.
New software projects bring with them both opportunities and dangers.
Which technology should one rely on? Our CTO Corsin Decurtins shares his experiences in an article of the inside-it.ch series «In the Code» from July 5 2019.
Every few years there is a very special day in the career of a software developer.
A wonderful day like a dream.
A day when Christmas Easter and two birthdays coincide: The start of a brand new software project.
No legacy code no screwed up architectures no technologies from the 80s..
just an empty code repository and the mission to make the world a better place.
Finally we can start over and do everything right.
Well-structured and documented code high test coverage a fully automated integration pipeline with continuous deployment to all test and production environments.
Naturally based on the latest technologies.
Microservices Event Sourcing Streaming Docker Serverless Kafka the Javascript framework of the day the latest trendiest programming language Artificial Intelligence Blockchain etc...
and of course everything in the cloud.
For developers this day is like in our childhood when we stood at the kiosk in front of the candy display with the unimaginable sum of CHF 2.00.
However experienced developers know that such days also contain dangers.
They are also looking forward to the opportunity to start from scratch and finally do everything right.
But they also know that the choice of technologies concepts and tools is tricky and can get out of control very quickly.
Innovation in new software projects is essential.
If we start from scratch we also want to use current technologies and not tools and technologies that are outdated and no longer maintainable after a short time.
New technologies and tools are attractive and promise heaven and earth.
In many cases however they do not deliver on these promises and add a lot of new complexity to systems and teams.
New technologies and tools have a learning curve that must not be underestimated.
There is a danger that teams are overwhelmed with too many new topics.
New technologies are used incorrectly or sub-optimally and after a short time we already have technical debts in our code again.
Conservative technology decisions can be an option.
Development teams have a lot of experience know the strengths and weaknesses of the technologies and have already made most of the possible mistakes in the past.
In addition to innovation sustainability is an important criterion for the choice of technology.
What will our software project look like in 5 years? In 10 years 20 years? Have the selected technologies proven themselves? Are they still up-to-date or hopelessly outdated? Are they still being actively supported and further developed? Can we still find developers who are familiar with the technologies and are willing to work with them? Or have we maneuvered ourselves to the sideline where we have to watch the rest of the software world passing us by? Especially in the enterprise environment cycles of 10 or 20 years are not unusual for software solutions.
Most software teams and customers know the situation that a technology is no longer supported and therefore complex migrations and refactorings are necessary up to complete replacements that do not bring any business benefit for the customer and users of the software.
Such situations are very cumbersome for IT teams because it is difficult to explain the necessary efforts to the customers.
The choice of technologies and tools for a new software project is a kind of bet.
The art is to bet on the right horse.
If you bet on the wrong horse you lose and are confronted with expensive migrations and refactorings or even have to completely write off and replace a software solution.
But how do you choose the right horse? Technologies and tools that are well established and with which we have already made positive experiences are a good starting point.
However if we have already had good experiences over a longer period it is certainly no longer the latest technologies.
Therefore there is a danger that we will rely on technologies that are already on the decline and will no longer be supported in the near future.
New technologies do not have this problem.
However it is generally not clear which technologies will prevail in the end and which will be abandoned after a short time.
Who is standing behind a new technology and who uses it are important criteria for a decision.
Is the technology maintained by a single developer or is there a large organization standing behind it? Is it a software company a small or large company a company like Microsoft Oracle IBM or rather companies like Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Apple Google or Netflix? There are opportunities and risks with all variants.
Companies like Google Facebook Netflix etc.
are the producers and users of many great technologies.
They use the technologies themselves and the quality is therefore usually very good.
However software is primarily a means to the end for them.
If a technology is no longer relevant to them they often stop supporting it relatively quickly without much warning and consideration of other users.
Oracle Microsoft IBM SAP and similar software vendors are much more reliable.
However users are also much more at the mercy of these companies when it comes to licensing conditions and pricing models.
Without any added value for the customer a tool or a library is suddenly massively more expensive or a migration to a less expensive technology is needed which again entails costs.
Successful innovative and sustainable software projects require conscious technology management and a good balance between innovative and conservative decisions.
The choice of technology must be tailored to the specific project.
Innovative technologies make more sense for software products that are rather short-term or that are continuously adapted and further developed.
In the case of long-lasting software products and solutions that are to be used over a longer period without major adjustments a conservative choice of technology is more advisable.
In the end however the choice of technology is always to a certain extent a gamble.
There is no silver bullet or magical formula.
Only the experience and intuition of software teams can help to stay ahead in this game and to produce innovative and sustainable software solutions.
Published on July 5 2019 on inside-it.ch in German only.
Corsin Decurtins is Chief Technology Officer at Netcetera.
He is responsible for technology strategy and development methodologies advises customers and internal teams and works as a software architect and technical project manager.
Corsin studied computer science at ETH Zürich and worked as a research assistant.
Order entry in University Hospital Basel - Comprehensive digital platform optimizes processes.
Healthcare Ecosystem health engine 05 August 2019.
The employees of a hospital place internal and external orders for many analysis and treatment steps.
Moreover this happens distributed across many different wards with different medical systems combined with a great deal of coordination effort: everyday life in a hospital – until now.
Netcetera together with the i-engineers has consolidated what used to be distributed across different systems into the comprehensive and independent Order Entry platform for the University Hospital of Basel.
The order entry process will be optimized digitized and thus more economical.
We have developed a comprehensive and independent platform for internal order processing for the University Hospital of Basel.
The independent Order Entry solution allows all hospital employees to enter orders such as registrations for radiology from anywhere.
In a consolidated overview they see all orders the status and results such as laboratory reports.
The platform from Netcetera and the i-engineers is another milestone in the digitization of hospital processes.
The University Hospital Basel is one of the largest hospitals in Switzerland with over 7,200 employees 38,000 inpatients and one million outpatient contacts.
Juri Toffol Head of Department Medical Services in the Digitalization & ICT department is pleased: Thanks to the sophisticated and innovative solution from Netcetera and the i-engineers we can now configure order types ourselves process orders across all wards economically and efficiently and reduce our expenses and costs.
Optimized cross-station workflow in one overview.
The University Hospital of Basel can manage and configure the approximately 80 different types of orders such as registration for laboratory analyses radiology or consultation and create new ones themselves.
Around 2000 users enter and monitor over 3000 new orders daily.
Access is also guaranteed from independent third-party applications such as hospital information systems.
The platform offers an overview of all orders via a practical dashboard.
This enables the administration and overview of all orders for a patient simplifies the billing of services and prevents duplicate orders.
Entering orders in one system also reduces the amount of training required for employees.
Healthcare Ecosystem flexible and custom-fit.
Order Entry” is part of the healthcare Ecosystem.
Netcetera and the i-engineers use the constantly growing range of standardized modules to put together individual solutions and adapt them to changing customer conditions with little effort.
Together with our customers we are driving forward the digitization of hospital processes.
Netcetera 3DS Server certified for Discover ProtectBuy® - One of the first vendors with certified 3DS SDK product.
Secure digital payment 3-D Secure Acquiring Products 16 August 2019.
Netcetera 3DS Server certified for Discover ProtectBuy®.
One of the first vendors with certified 3DS SDK product.
We are very happy to announce that our Netcetera 3DS Server and Netcetera 3DS SDK are certified for the Discover’s ProtectBuy® program.
We are able to support merchants with strong authentication and verification of Diners Club cardholders at a very early stage.
The 3DS SDK from Netcetera ensures the smooth and reliable processing of card payments from a native merchant app and the 3DS Server from a web shop.
Merchants can easily integrate these products to ensure that their app or web shop supports strong authentication and generates a larger number of transactions.
Our Acquiring products.
Learn more from our expert.
Neta’s 100th edition - Huge milestone for our IT comic character.
Skopje 21 August 2019.
Huge milestone for our IT comic character.
Since 2015 our online comic series features Neta the code girl who ever since inspired and encouraged young people especially women to pursue their IT career.
We created Neta with the intention to cover the perspective of the tech community through comics.
With its humor the comic tries to reflect the daily work of a software engineer so it resonates with the people who work in the area.
The goal of the comic is to encourage students to choose engineering studies at universities and in particular to encourage women to enter this traditionally male dominated profession.
We are happy to announce that in August 2019 we reached a huge milestone with the release of the 100th edition of the comic.
After more than 4 years of writing stories for Neta she has become a recognizable character at least in the Macedonian tech scene.
The presence is more than just as an online comic as Neta appears as a mentor judge participant or a presenter on many tech events in Macedonia.
Neta’s cutoff figure can be seen on events such as the Nasa Space App challenge Global Game Jam CodeFu IEEEXtreme and many others.
Printed Neta comics are handed to students on many job fairs and university events which made our IT girl popular among the future engineers.
The comic is available in English and Macedonian on the website Neta.mk.
To celebrate the 100th edition a printed version of the comic featuring all the editions was released in Macedonia and soon it will available in the comic stores and libraries of the tech universities in the country.
Visit neta.mk.
Rare photo of the Neta team preparing the 100th edition of the comic.
The printed edition of the Neta comics.
Connecting women in computing & technology - Netcetera is supporting Ada Lovelace Festival on 6 September.
Zürich 23 August 2019.
Connecting women in computing & technology.
Netcetera is supporting Ada Lovelace Festival.
Netcetera is supporting the first Ada Lovelace Festival in Switzerland which takes place on Friday 6 September 2019 starting at 2 p.m.
at Alte Sihlpapierfabrik Zürich.
We are proud of supporting this event which takes place for the first time in Switzerland an inspiring mix of technical knowledge transfer valuable networking opportunities and mentoring coaching programs will wait for its attendees.
Beside an exciting talks program campfires networking tables and deep-dive sessions one of them lead by our Martina Forster other inspiring activities are taking place during this festival.
For more information and tickets visit the website.
Our expert on site:
Digital identity on n-blocks - New economy of digital identity.
Blockchain 09 September 2019.
New economy of digital identity.
The capacity to prove your identity is a fundamental component of the economic financial and social development.
Even though identity seems to be a national concern a global identity controlled by government authority is not a plausible option in the short term.
To achieve successful solutions for this complex issue businesses need to start acting locally and to collaborate with each other and the government.
This paper written by our blockchain expert Elena Janevska explores the challenges of digital identity and the potential of blockchain technology to solve those challenges.
It reviews the history challenges and new economy of digital identity and a decentralized identity ecosystem on n-blocks.
The first part of the paper defines digital identity attributes and the lifecycle as well as the roles of public and private sector players.
The second part reviews the history and evolution of the digital identity and demonstrates that decentralized identity is the next step in the identity evolution.
The paper illustrates a solution of decentralized identity ecosystem using n-blocks and it lists the benefits the new digital identity economy will bring.
Download whitepaper n-blocks_whitepaper.pdf.
Size: 1731.4 KB.
Elena Janevska.
Project Management.
Visa Ready certified - ToPay Cloud Payment.
ToPay Cloud Payment 19 September 2019.
Visa Ready certified.
ToPay Cloud Payment.
Our ToPay Cloud Payment solution is “Visa Ready” certified.
It gives token requestors like card issuers online merchants and payment service providers a swift seamless and secure access to the Visa Token Service.
The product enables secure payment via HCE / NFC and in the near future for eCommerce payments eg to tokenize card-on-file transactions.
Tokenization is a security technology that uses a unique digital identifier or token to protect sensitive information like cardholder account details.
By replacing this information with a token tokenization reduces fraud risk and protects the credentials.
The Visa Ready program helps to accelerate adoption of new technologies by merchants and financial institutions by connecting to technology providers such as Netcetera.
Solutions like our ToPay Cloud Payment that are certified to meet Visa’s security and functional standards receive this award.
Netcetera’s ToPay Cloud Payment product allows issuers and merchants to connect seamlessly to Visa token service platform (VTS) as token requestor.
Thereby an issuer banking or payment app can be enabled to request tokens for mobile payment purposes.
The solution works with all Visa credit and debit profiles.
The current product enables payment via HCE / NFC.
In the near future we will extend this for eCommerce payments to enable PSPs and/or merchants as token requestors.
“As we aggregate token services for different schemes we enable issuers merchants and PSPs to go to market fast and help them to stay at the forefront of technological development for their customers.” says Kurt Schmid managing director for digital payments at Netcetera.
A white label wallet solution complements Netcetera’s ToPay portfolio to offer ready to use payment card management and PSD2 compliant 3DS push authentication for card issuers with Visa and other card schemes.
Success factors for artificial intelligence in companies - Success factors for AI in companies.
Vaduz 03 October 2019.
Success factors for artificial intelligence in companies.
AI workshop in Liechtenstein.
The annual Digital Summit part of the Digital Liechtenstein initiative was dedicated to the topic of Artificial Intelligence.
The conference for digital decision-makers took place on September 25 2019 in Vaduz and offered space for intensive exchange in addition to top-class presentations and workshops.
The presentation on AI First a cooperation between 4Quant and Netcetera clearly demonstrated the areas in which artificial intelligence is already being used today and the potential that still exists.
At first glance artificial intelligence seems to be the technology for all areas of application.
In fact the successful use of AI depends on various conditions.
Based on our many years of experience we mediate for which applications AI is suitable and where not which preparation steps are necessary how an AI-based project works and how it delivers the best results and how AI can be optimally integrated into the business context.
The workshop presentation can be found on Slideshare:
Your contact for artificial intelligence.
Netcetera Innovation Summit 2019 - Insights into digital payment from our experts.
Munich 14 October 2019.
Insights into digital payment from our experts.
At this year's Netcetera Innovation Summit the payment experts from the German-speaking countries met again to exchange network and inform about current projects.
The annual event initiated by Michael Seifert Managing Director Netcetera Germany since 2006 could record an increase in participants again and establishes itself as an annual fixed event around the latest information from the fast growing field of digital payment.
Michael Seifert who presented the rapid growth of the German unit and its location positioning and our CEO Andrej Vckovski on the subject of Netcetera - Next Level introduced the event.
The exciting keynote speech by Christoph Brunmayr Founder of The Tale Studio on Facebook Libra Amazon Prime Banking & Co: Opportunities in the Age of New Platform Economies was followed by an intensive exchange on current topics and projects.
Darius Metzner Visa informed about the Next Generation of 3D-Secure and Christian Waldvogel Netcetera clearly showed the development of SCA.
Pierre Jauffret Wirecard presented the far-reaching possibilities of tokenization and its influence on payment transactions.
Robert Herzig Metro AG provided an insight into the future of shopping with the help of self scanning and self check out.
Our payment experts Kurt Schmid and Stefan Penner presented the perspectives for card issuers and merchants and Thomas Fromherz the current developments around SRC.
Finally Benno Häfliger immersed us in the world of Augmented Reality which clearly showed in which areas AR has already found its way into everyday life and how AR can also be of great use in retail.
Datatrans and Cornèrcard rely on Netcetera 3DS products 11 October 2019 “Visa Ready” certified.
New Executive Management Board member - We appointed Mark Faris as our new CFO.
Management 07 October 2019.
We appointed Mark Faris as our new CFO.
We are pleased to announce the appointment of Mark Faris as the new Chief Financial Officer of Netcetera.
He will be part of the Executive Management Board starting October 14 2019 reporting to CEO Andrej Vckovski.
Mark Faris replaces Thomas Geier who decided to follow a new career challenge after almost 20 years of service.
CEO Andrej Vckovski and the whole company are grateful to Thomas Geier for his valuable contribution and leadership.
Andrej Vckovski: “We are delighted that Mark Faris has agreed to join us as CFO.
Mark brings an extensive track record to Netcetera as a senior finance executive looking back on more than 18 years in technology.
His international experience in fast-growing software and technology companies combined with his M&A know-how fits perfectly with Netcetera’s growth plans.”.
Mark Faris: “I am proud to join Netcetera in such a time when software matters more than ever before and steady profitable growth is important.
The company has a great corporate culture and I look forward to meeting the teams and contribute to the bright future of Netcetera.”.
First 3-D Secure 2.0 transactions in Switzerland - Datatrans and Cornèrcard rely on Netcetera 3DS products.
Media release 11 October 2019.
First 3-D Secure 2.0 transactions in Switzerland.
Datatrans and Cornèrcard rely on Netcetera's 3DS products.
We are one of the first payment service providers to successfully execute 3-D Secure 2.0 transactions in Switzerland together with Datatrans AG Cornèrcard and Sweepay AG.
This makes us one of the first providers worldwide to successfully implement this new security standard with credit prepaid and debit cards in online trading.
The European Payment Directive PSD2 with strong customer authentication has been in force since 14 September 2019.
PSD2 requires that the cardholder approves all e-commerce transactions with two factors.
From now on merchants connected to.
Datatrans can also execute PSD2 and EMV 3DS (3-D Secure 2.0) compliant payments with.
Cornèrcard cards.
Cardholders benefit from risk-based authentication additional security and ease of use when making mobile payments with credit prepaid and debit cards.
The first real 3-D Secure 2.0 transactions were processed via.
Sweepay.
AG's online shop.
These are based on 3-D Secure 2.0 certified products developed by Netcetera and implemented by Datatrans.
Peter Frick Managing Director Payment Security at Netcetera says: Our software enables these successful transactions.
The increasing demand in the DACH region shows that the market has been waiting for this solution.
3-D Secure 2.0 is a milestone for digital payment and now a reality in Switzerland thanks to this implementation .
We are proud to be among the first payment service providers in the world to be certified by Visa Mastercard and American Express 3-D Secure 2.0 and to have completed successful transactions.
With the new solution consumers and e-commerce merchants will benefit from a smooth checkout improved conversion rates and maximum security, says Oliver Heister CTO of Datatrans AG.
First in Europe with Amex Safekey 2.0 certification - Netcetera 3DS ACS is ready as one of only three worldwide.
Secure digital payment 3-D Secure Issuer Service 22 October 2019.
The Netcetera 3DS ACS is ready as one of only three worldwide.
We are happy to announce that we have successfully completed the testing and certification with Amex for the Netcetera 3DS ACS.
In addition to being the very first ACS with the Letter of Approval from Mastercard our product is currently also the first in Europe and only the third worldwide with Safekey 2.0 certification.
With certifications for the latest standards by Amex Visa and Mastercard our ACS is now ready for the major card schemes.
Future customers of the Netcetera 3DS ACS will not need to do any certification to process Mastercard Visa and Amex transactions according to 2.0 standards.
Issuers and banks can easily integrate with the Netcetera 3DS ACS to support strong authentication according regulation offer a seamless cardholder experience and generate a larger number of successful transactions.
List of providers certified for SafeKey.
Do you want us to help you upgrade to Amex Safekey 2.0? Contact Vlado to get a demo:
Vlado Galevski.
Head of International Sales +43 720 569 724.
Vienna Austria.
Mariahilfer Strasse 101/1/21 1060 Vienna.
Vienna.
Related stories.
First 3DS ACS to be Mastercard compliant.
Fast access to Mastercard Identity Check Program for issuers 10 December 2018.
At the forefront with 3-D Secure 2.0 17 October 2018.
Leading CONCORDIA into the digital future - Secure and high-performance system integration.
Media release 21 October 2019.
Leading CONCORDIA into the digital future.
Secure & high-performance system integration.
We have connected the standard software adcubum SYRIUS to various systems for the health and accident insurer CONCORDIA.
In close cooperation we have created a high-performance and scalable Business Service Layer.
This guarantees the secure exchange of master and transaction data with the customer portal and other applications.
Today's customers expect health insurance companies to offer an efficient digital service as well as personal support.
Insurers are therefore required to offer secure and user needs-oriented applications.
For an efficient process the customer portal requires access to customer information in the main system.
The secure connection of the outside world to the internal application with the customer information has to be guaranteed.
As one of the oldest health insurers in Switzerland and Liechtenstein, CONCORDIA takes the needs of its customers seriously.
Data security and the protection of personal data are of paramount importance.
Netcetera solved this challenge for CONCORDIA: we connected the standard software adcubum SYRIUS with other applications via its API bridge.
This secure system integration consists of the Business Service Layer which forms the interface from the main system to various other applications such as the digital counter or from the customer portal to the archive.
High security requirements system coupling transformation of the different data scalability and high performance had to be met.
An important step for digitization.
The Business Service Layer is one of the building blocks that advances CONCORDIA in its digital transformation.
Stefan Pleisch CIO of CONCORDIA about the successful implementation: Netcetera and CONCORDIA have complemented each other very well.
Netcetera has used its expertise and experience to successfully complete a complex system integration.
With it we have reached an important milestone on our path to digital transformation.
Such a close and good cooperation contributes a lot to the success of a project.
Together we were able to develop the best solution for this step towards digitization, confirms Gabriele Brechbühl Managing Director Digital Enterprise at Netcetera.
Are you facing similar challenges? Contact our expert:
Co-innovation with NZZ - Insights into jointly mastered digital challenges.
Zürich 25 October 2019.
Insights into jointly mastered digital challenges.
At our Insight event in October the Neue Zürcher Zeitung gave participants an insight into its newsroom the creation of the newspaper and their transformation into a digital and mobile first product.
With this event we offer invited guests from the top management of leading Swiss companies a platform for the exchange of information and ideas.
With the Insight dialogue platform we connect representatives from various industries for an insight into other companies and industries.
The event on 21 October 2019 at.
NZZ in Zurich offered an exciting exchange on the topic: How can companies work together with their partners to drive innovation forward? Netcetera and its partners accompanied the NZZ Switzerland's oldest newspaper still published today on its way to a successful digital organization.
In the exciting discussion with experts from Netcetera and Andreas Bossecker CTIO at NZZ the participants learned how change management is best set up for such a multi-year mammoth task.
During the following guided tour through the newsroom the participants were given an insight into the creation of the print and online daily newspaper.
The NZZ also opened the venerable board meeting room where the daily editorial meetings take place to the participants of the Insight event.
Some impressions.
The venerable board meeting room at NZZ.
Andreas Bossecker CTIO at NZZ explains how NZZ successfully transformed supported by Netcetera.
Benno Häfliger Director Digital Enterprise at Netcetera introducing the successful concept of co-innovation.
Alexander Josef Senior Project Manager & Consultant at Netcetera talking about co-innovation with NZZ.
Do you want to be part of the next Insight event?
Winners: Viseca one and Inspect AR apps - Best of Swiss Apps Award 2019.
Awards 07 November 2019.
Winners: Viseca one and Inspect AR apps.
Best of Swiss Apps Awards 2019.
At the Best of Swiss Apps Awards ceremony in Zurich on 7 November the apps we developed won four prizes.
This year the Viseca one App won Silver in the category Design and Bronze in the categories Functionality and Business Impact.
At the Best of Swiss App Awards in 2016 we already won Silver in Functionality and Bronze in Business for the first version of this app.
This app is one of the first independent solutions for contactless mobile payment in Switzerland.
It offers card issuers the opportunity to supplement their own apps with a globally standardized and certified mobile payment module.
Thanks to the support of biometrics their customers pay easily quickly and securely with their smartphones.
The solution is based on Netcetera's.
ToPay Cloud Payment product and is just as convenient as the mobile payment offers of smartphone manufacturers.
Additionally our.
Augmented Reality application.
InspectAR won Silver in the category Enterprise.
Augment IT by Netcetera digitizes inspection processes.
It enables inspection personell to work faster with less errors and traceable results.
It saves training time and results in more flexibility in staff allocation.
Viseca.
Contactless mobile payment supporting biometrics.
Ausgezeichnet: Viseca one und Inspect AR Apps - Best of Swiss Apps Award 2019.
Awards 07.
November 2019.
Ausgezeichnet: Viseca one und Inspect AR Apps.
An der Best of Swiss Apps Preisverleihung vom 6.
November 2019 in Zürich räumten die von uns entwickelten Viseca ONE App und die InspectAR App vier Preise ab.
Die.
Viseca one App gewann dieses Jahr Silber in der Kategorie Design und Bronze in den Kategorien Funktionalität und Business Impact.
An den Best of Swiss App Awards 2016 gewannen wir mit der ersten Version dieser App bereits Silber in Funktionalität und Bronze in Business.
Die Viseca one App ist eine der ersten unabhängigen Lösungen für kontaktloses mobiles Bezahlen in der Schweiz.
Sie bietet Kartenherausgebern die Möglichkeit ihre eigenen Apps durch ein weltweit standardisiertes und zertifiziertes Mobile Payment Modul zu ergänzen.
Dank der Unterstützung der Biometrie bezahlen ihre Kunden einfach schnell und sicher mit dem Smartphone.
Die Lösung basiert auf Netceteras Produkt.
ToPay Cloud Payment und ist genauso komfortabel wie die mobilen Zahlungsangebote der Smartphone-Hersteller.
Zusätzlich holte unser.
Anwendung.
InspectAR.
Silber in der Kategorie Enterprise.
Augment IT by Netcetera digitalisiert mit InspectAR Inspektionsprozesse.
Dank dieser Anwendung können Inspektoren schneller mit weniger Fehlern und rückverfolgbaren Ergebnissen arbeiten.
Sie erspart Zeit beim Training und führt zu mehr Flexibilität bei der Personaleinsatzplanung.
Mobiles kontaktloses Bezahlen mit Biometrieunterstützung.
Silber in Augmented Reality.
Cubic Warfare gewinnt am Best of Swiss App Award 16.
November 2017.
Sechs Auszeichnungen!
Unsere Projekte räumen ab am Best of Swiss App Award 17.
November 2016.
Produktivität verbessern mit IoT.
Lancierung unserer anpassbaren Plattform n-things 31.
Januar 2020.
Augmented Reality Experience für allthisfuture 06.
Dezember 2019.
Digital Payment 2020 - Our experts’ insights at the Swiss Payment Forum.
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub 12 November 2019.
Our experts’ insights at the Swiss Payment Forum.
How will the payment technologies change in 2020 and will new developments in 3DS 2.0 make internet payments more secure and more convenient? Our payment experts Kurt Schmid – Managing Director of Digital Payments and Stephan Rüdisüli – Account Manager for Payment Security shared their insights at the Swiss Payment Forum 2019 in Zürich.
Find their presentations here: ”Digital in Payment 2020 – Which Solutions and Technologies will Prevail? by Kurt Schmid.
Convergence between in-store and eCommerce payments.
OEM Pays Merchant tokenisation SRC quo vadis.
Value Added Services around payment “3DS 2.0 – New Chances for all Parties” by Stephan Rüdisüli.
Whitelisting frictionless and risk-based authentification will make payment processes on the internet not only safer but also more convenient.
Stephan Rüdisüli.
Account Manager Payment Security +41 44 297 58 02.
Path Coordination System for RailNetEurope - Path Coordination System for RailNetEurope.
Media release 26 November 2019.
Path Coordination System for RailNetEurope.
Improved trans-European rail scheduling.
Netcetera leading Swiss software company and global IT solutions innovator has implemented the new Path Coordination System (PCS) for RailNetEurope (RNE).
RNE is a non-profit association that facilitates fast and easy access to the European rail network.
The current project is rooted in the close collaboration that started in 2002 and went live in October 2019.
PCS helps 650 users across 30 European countries coordinate rail transport scheduling.
It is based on a centralised platform that takes into account the diversity and differences between the countries it serves.
The platform builds on a collaboration that started with RailNetEurope in 2002 and Netcetera’s first solution “Pathfinder”.
Cultural and organisational differences were taken into account to develop a successful solution.
Its ability to share comprehensive timetabling information sparked a 20% reduction in planning and coordination efforts for European passenger and goods traffic.
Máté Bak Head of PCS at RNE said “We are very pleased to be able to rely on a strong technology partner such as Netcetera – a team that not only delivers innovation but also understands the complexity of international projects with different cultures and languages.
With their support we have been able to deliver on our mandate of facilitating easy access to rail networks in Europe.
Netcetera’s solution the Path Coordination System and the Pathfinder that preceded it make planning more efficient and coordination easier in a rail system that includes multiple partners spanning countries and regulatory regimes.”.
Harmonizing cross border rail traffic planning.
PCS refines the shared scheduling platform by introducing the Empty Envelope Concept.
The model addresses overlapping missing or doubled subsidiary timetables and helps partners better reconcile stations times operating days and other parameters.
It ensures calendar consistency by avoiding overlapping days and creating more harmonisation at country borders.
Other new features include new GUI elements time zone flexibility and the management of multiple pre-constructed catalogue paths (Pre-arranged Paths).
Patrik Auf der Mauer Director Digital Enterprise at Netcetera said “We are proud that RailNetEurope has been counting on us for over fifteen years.
This unique technology-led collaboration helps to harmonise rail traffic across borders.
Thanks to our close association with the RailNetEurope teams and their stakeholders we have been able to devise and deliver technological solutions that bring real-world benefits for Railway Undertakers Applicants Infrastructure Managers Allocation Bodies and Rail Freight Corridors and result in constant innovation and improvement.”.
Patrik Auf der Mauer.
Director Digital Enterprise +41 44 297 59 41.
Two Gold awards at Digital Economy Award - Viseca one app honored forHighest Digital Quality' Offering.
ToPay Cloud Payment 29 November 2019.
Viseca one app honored for Highest Digital Quality.
It’s official: our payment solutions are excellent.
At the gala night of the Digital Economy Award in Zurich the app for mobile contactless payment Viseca one was again honored with awards.
The app that we developed together with Viseca won two gold medals in the categories UX (User Experience) and Lean Agile & Scrum for Highest Digital Quality .
Digital Economy Award recognizes the outstanding digital achievements of the year.
At the awards ceremony on 28 November 2019 around 600 guests from the digital industry research business and politics celebrated the outstanding performance of the app.
Viseca one which has already won several other awards.
We are particularly proud of the two gold medals for Highest Digital Quality in UX and Lean Agile & Scrum.
The category User Experience honors digital projects that stand out for their excellent usability while the Lean Agile & Scrum category awards projects that drive agility in companies.
Viseca one has already convinced several juries.
At this year's.
Best of Swiss App Award the app won Silver in the category Design and Bronze in the categories Functionality and Business Impact.
At the Best of Swiss App Awards in 2016 we already won Silver in Functionality and Bronze in Business for the first version of this app.
The Viseca one app is one of the first independent solutions for mobile contactless payment in Switzerland.
It offers card issuers the opportunity to supplement their own apps with a globally standardized and certified mobile payment module.
Thanks to the support of biometrics their customers pay easily quickly and securely with their smartphones.
The solution is based on Netcetera's.
Interested in an award-winning payment solution? Contact our expert:
Berliner Zeitung with Swiss software - Converting digital processes and technology in six weeks.
Media release 03 December 2019.
Berliner Zeitung publishes with Swiss software.
Converting digital processes and technology in six weeks.
It is all happening in a flash: the new owners of the Berliner publishing house have decided to radically modernize their editorial office.
In just under four weeks they turned the production processes 180 degrees and implemented the new online system Forward Publishing together with Livingdocs and Netcetera the minds behind the new publishing solution.
Let's omit all the old technology, was the decision of the publishing couple Friedrich the new owners of the Berliner Zeitung.
The agile publishing solution at Neue Zürcher Zeitung convinced them after a worldwide scan of the technology options.
This has been in use at Switzerland's oldest newspaper since 2017.
Behind it are the start-up company Livingdocs and the software company Netcetera.
With the lean technology components of Forward Publishing they implemented an initial package that inspires both editorial staff and readers because it runs intuitively and quickly.
It was fast, explains Aljoscha Brell head of Berliner Newsroom GmbH.
Normally such conversion projects take one year to design and two years to implement.
Thanks to the Swiss product developers and implementation partners we were able to launch the website a redesign and the entire production system in record time on 8 November and roll out the native apps around two weeks later.”.
Digital Transformation.
Forward Publishing is a complete solution for media houses and publishers that can be installed and rolled out within a few weeks.
Netcetera teamed up with CMS manufacturer Livingdocs in January after having developed various publishing products together for the NZZ media group and other large publishers.
The Forward Publishing package is modular digital and supports the mobile-first approach.
Fresh Look.
The current layout now looks tidy - the old page was static and unsorted in comparison.
We can now highlight key topics and vary the design with elements.
Everything is just much more coherent than before which was constantly taken into account during development, explains Julia Grass Head of Social Media at Berliner Zeitung.
They really excelled our expectations, praises Brell.
The main thing is that the team commits itself and can make quick decisions.
Thanks to the Swiss who were responsible for the project we managed to achieve such good quality in such a short time .
To Forward Publishing.
Scheme tokenization services - How to increase eCommerce conversion and security.
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub 05 December 2019.
How to increase eCommerce conversion and security for card based transactions.
The fraud rate for Card Not Present (CNP) payments is up to 10 times higher than for Card Present (CP) payments.
Scheme tokenization raises the security level of online payments and with it contributes to a better conversion rate.
Network tokenization through the schemes connects merchants with issuing banks.
This results in various advantages compared to PSP proprietary tokens.
Instead of storing sensitive card data like card numbers (PANs) in their Card-on-File (CoF) systems PSPs can store scheme tokens and significantly reduce liability.
Scheme tokens are processed with EMV transaction cryptograms which increases the security of payment transactions to a level similar to the security of a card present transaction.
In addition this increases approved transactions based on risk decisions.
Scheme tokenization sets the foundation for a PSD2 compliant delegated authentication enabling one-click checkouts in merchant apps.
Netcetera’s ToPay eCom Token Connector offers merchants and PSPs all the advantages of scheme tokenization with a single API-based integration.
Our platform is scheme agnostic: it provides access to the tokenization services of multiple schemes without the need for separate integrations and certifications with each platform.
This speeds up time-to-market and drastically reduces complexity and maintenance efforts.
To sum it up scheme tokenization leads to enhanced consumer convenience and usability reduced abandonments and increased conversion rates.
Do you want to learn more about the benefits for PSPs and Merchants? Check out our product page or contact our expert.
ToPay eCom Token Connector.
Azure Spatial Anchors - Augmented Reality Experience for allthisfuture.
Augmented Reality 06 December 2019.
Augmented Reality Experience for allthisfuture.
For allthisfuture the innovation laboratory of WWZ (Central Switzerland’s power telecoms and water provider) we have implemented an AR-experience with Azure Spatial Anchors.
Read the whole Story.
Watch the video and see how spatial anchors work on augmentit.ch.
Solving disruptions in networks with Machine Learning - Among five best in Flatland Challenge by SBB.
Transport 09 January 2020.
Solving disruptions in networks with Machine Learning.
Among five best in Flatland Challenge by SBB.
How can trains learn to coordinate automatically causing minimal delays in large train networks? We choose Reinforcement Learning a sub-domain of Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to solve this challenge in the “Flatland” competition by SBB.
Our trained model dynamically reacts to new situations and solves incidents efficiently with fewer delays.
Swiss Federal Railways (SBB) operate the densest mixed railway traffic in the world.
More than 10,000 trains with 1.2 million passengers and half of Switzerland’s transported goods run on this railway network each day.
Due to the growing demand for mobility SBB needs to increase the transportation capacity of the network.
To achieve this they need to be able to solve unforeseen incidents quickly and efficiently as not to disrupt larger parts of the network.
The vehicle-rescheduling problem arises when a previously assigned trip is disrupted and demands the rescheduling of the trip – including re-routing of possibly other affected trains.
The “Flatland” competition aims to address vehicle-scheduling and rescheduling problems eg a traffic accident a medical emergency or a breakdown of a vehicle with a simulator.
Reinforcement Learning to efficiently reschedule a trip.
The research group at SBB has developed a platform simulating the dynamics of train traffic and the railway infrastructure.
The Netcetera artificial intelligence team at the “.
Flatland ” challenge achieved great results with a model based on a Reinforcement Learning algorithm.
Our AI model had to solve different randomized flatlands in the simulator with unforeseen disruptions.
At the more basic level the model could achieve the goals using ad-hoc decisions.
With increasing difficulty from round to round the model had to be able to plan and react to new and unforeseen circumstances.
The automatic algorithm controls the movements of the trains; it is a dynamic model reacting to environmental influences.
Our model had to be able to react to disruptions and solve them with a dynamic rescheduling of trains.
We solved the challenges successfully and reached the fifth place after the last round at the beginning of January 2020.
Find the technical details about this project in Evgenija's blog post.
Flatland simulator: Manage and maintain railway traffic in complex networks as efficiently as possible.
Ramon Grunder.
Head of Delivery Digital Enterprise +41 44 297 59 43.
Improve business productivity with IoT - Launching our customizable platform n-things.
Artificial Intelligence 31 January 2020.
Launching our customizable platform n-things.
We are proudly introducing our customizable all-in-one IoT platform n-things at The Things Conference in Amsterdam end of January.
Incorporating IoT in the working processes can turn your business model from stagnation to success.
n-things supplies the tools to make an improved business strategy a reality.
Our n-things platform along with fast devices and infrastructure integration can bring an IoT system to production in no time.
The solution is designed as customizable containerized building blocks which are easily scalable efficient and robust: Core LoRaWAN service Wi-Fi service third party data service Data processing and statistics services.
We are also able to leverage artificial intelligence to optimally use the data and go even further by incorporating augmented reality as part of the solution.
We are showcasing the n-things platform and one implementation our crowdsourcing platform pulse.eco that gathers and presents environmental data at.
The Things Conference .
This IoT focused event is the largest LoRaWAN conference in the world.
The conference aims to bring people a wealth of knowledge concerning LoRaWAN through engaging keynotes interactive workshops and live demonstrations.
Meet our experts:
Five reasons to update to EMV 3DS 2.2.0 to boost approved transaction volumes - Five reasons to update to EMV 3DS 2.2.0.
Secure digital payment 3-D Secure Acquiring Products 13 February 2020.
Five reasons to update to EMV 3DS 2.2.0 to boost approved transaction volumes.
Cardholders’ demand for a better payment experience and improved security drives the market forward.
With the PSD2 updates in the last year different SCA exemptions were introduced.
The new EMV 3DS 2.2.0 specification supports these exemptions.
In 2018 69% of the internet users purchased their goods and services online.
25% of shoppers avoid online shopping because they are worried about payment security or privacy (source Eurostat).
EMV® 3-D Secure (3DS) is a messaging protocol that addresses these concerns.
It promotes frictionless consumer authentication and enables consumers to authenticate themselves with their card issuer when making card-not-present (CNP) e-commerce purchases.
The additional security layer helps prevent unauthorized CNP transactions and helps protect the merchant from exposure to CNP fraud.
EVM 3DS 2.1 protocol has already been in use for some time.
It was initially developed to cover the PSD2 RTS SCA requirements in e-commerce transactions.
It decreases the abandonment rate and at the same time increases the approved transactions rate.
The cardholders ask for an even better payment experience and improved security.
Key updates in version 2.2.0 are the exemptions to Strong Consumer Authentication (SCA) for the European Payment Services Directive (PSD2).
Five reasons for EMV 3DS 2.2.0:
Identification and verification.
System initiated transactions.
Decoupled authentication.
Better user experience.
Promotion of frictionless flow – PSD2 exemptions.
Learn how you can boost your approved transaction volume with EMV 3DS 2.2.0 proper handling of PSD2 RTS exemptions and the option for delegating the authentication from our payment expert Ana Vuksanovikj-Vanevska.
In her presentation at MPE 2020 she will also explain the five reasons for 3DS 2.2.0 in more detail.
Go to our event page for more information:
Netcetera @ MPE.
How tokenization and SRC address challenges in e-commerce - How tokenization and SRC can help.
ToPay eCom Token Connector 13 February 2020.
How tokenization and SRC address challenges in e-commerce.
Digital commerce (e-commerce) is still growing much faster than physical commerce and cards remain the most used payment tool in Europe.
This digital shift is accompanied by multiple trends.
For example concentration of e-commerce with large merchants and mega commerce platforms is increasing.
Regulatory requirements such as PSD2 have a strong impact and mobile will be on par with computers.
Digital natives are demanding consumers who expect fast secure and convenient payment experiences.
These trends pose several challenges for e-commerce payments with regard to security user convenience and conversion especially in e-commerce checkouts such as card-on-file and guest checkout.
Tokenization and Secure Remote Commerce (SRC) address a variety of these challenges and concerns in e-commerce payments for PSPs and merchants.
Network tokenization through the schemes connects merchants with issuing banks resulting in various advantages compared to PSP proprietary tokens.
It addresses risk/security challenges in e-commerce checkouts especially for card-on-file.
Secure Remote Commerce additionally addresses user experience and convenience in guest checkouts.
Learn how scheme tokenization and SRC help to increase conversion convenience and security in Silke Hubert’s presentation at MPE 2020.
Our payment experts will present how scheme tokenization and SRC can extend the offerings of PSPs/merchants.
Go to our event page to learn more:
Silke Hubert.
Presales Consultant Digital Payment +41 44 297 58 16.
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub 3-D Secure Issuer Service 3-D Secure Acquiring Products.
Online-Shopping: Easy & secure payment - Our payment experts at the MPE.
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub 3-D Secure Acquiring Products 25 February 2020.
Our payment experts at the MPE.
Consumers are buying more and more goods and services online.
E-commerce will continue its strong growth in the coming years with annual growth rates of well over 10 percent.
When consumers pay online they prefer to use familiar payment methods.
It is therefore not surprising that - seen globally - cards account for the largest share of online payments.
At the Merchant Payments Ecosystem our payment experts explained the challenges of card payments in e-commerce for card issuers and for online merchants and the latest solutions.
The MPE is the largest payment conference for merchants in Europe.
The aim of online card payments is to offer consumers the simplest and most convenient user experience while ensuring the highest possible level of security.
The particular challenges lie on the one hand in the fact that the abuse rates in e-commerce are currently still many times higher than in the physical business at the point of sale (POS).
On the other hand customers abandon purchases for various reasons.
In addition the second European Payment Services Directive (PSD2) has significantly increased the security requirements among other things through Strong Customer Authentication (SCA).
Advanced solutions thanks to close cooperation with Schemes.
Netcetera's mission is to create suitable solutions for card issuers payment service providers (PSPs) and acquirers - in close cooperation with the major card organizations Mastercard Visa and American Express.
Netcetera is a technical associate of EMVCo's who are responsible for standardizing the various technologies and is thus directly involved in important innovations and developments for payment transactions.
Improvements with tokenization SRC and 3DS 2.
The current solutions include tokenization and the new rules for Secure Remote Commerce (SRC).
The aim is to make a card transaction in e-commerce as simple convenient and secure for all parties involved as customers and merchants are used to at the physical POS.
All the technology required for this should remain in the background.
In tokenization a so-called token replaces the card number.
Such a token has the advantage that it can be linked to specific devices (eg smartphones) and specific applications.
If an unauthorized person gets hold of a token they cannot use it – in contrast to a real card number.
Such tokens are used by Apple Pay or Google Pay among others and now also in e-commerce.
Both card organizations (schemes) and various PSPs offer tokenization services.
Kurt Schmid Managing Director Digital Payment at Netcetera comments: The schemes' tokenization services create a link between merchants and card issuers.
Compared to PSP tokenization it offers significant advantages such as better conversion and improved security.
The first practical experiences have already shown good results.
We also expect that in the foreseeable future the schemes may make payments without tokens economically less attractive and even prohibit them altogether .
SRC is designed to ensure an even smoother payment process in e-commerce.
In the near future SRC replaces the existing solutions MasterPass from Mastercard as well as Visa Checkout .
Returning customers should be automatically recognized and thus be able to save some of the previously necessary steps in the checkout process which in turn will have a positive effect on conversion.
The further development of 3-D Secure is also currently providing food for discussion.
In its latest version 2.1 and 2.2 the system supports the exceptions provided for in the rules for strong customer authentication.
This includes rules relating to whitelisting and risk management measures.
Kurt Schmid comments: It makes sense for online merchants to migrate quickly to 3-D Secure 2.x in order to make the most of the exceptions and thus make card payments even easier for their customers .
Exchange of experiences at the MPE.
During the event organized together with Visa at Spielfeld in Berlin in February and the presentations of our payment experts at the MPE we had an intensive exchange with partners and customers on these topics.
The desire for more communication and exchange between card organizations card issuers and the acceptance side (acquirers PSPs merchants) became particularly clear for example to plan timelines more realistically and to enable a better coordination between card issuers and acquirers.
Netcetera stays on the ball and will continue these discussions at Profitcard on 10 and 11 March in Berlin and at Money20/20 from 16 to 18 June in Amsterdam.
To the MPE presentations on SlideShare:
Ana Vuksanovikj-Vanevska Senior Product Manager Payment Security: “Boost your approved transaction volume by utilizing EMV 3DS 2.2.0 and PSD2 RTS exemptions”.
Silke Hubert Presales Consultant Digital Payment: “Increase conversion convenience and security in e-Commerce Checkouts”.
Ana Vuksanovikj-Vanevska talking about 3-D Secure 2.
Ana Vuksanovikj-Vanevska at the MPE panel discussion.
Silke Hubert presenting tokenization and SRC.
Silke Hubert at the MPE panel discussion.
Demo of our payment solutions at our booth.
Full house at our evening event with Visa.
Kurt Schmid presenting tokenization at our evening event.
Innovative Digital Ownership Management solution with DLT in its core to be launched by Securities Grid Ltd.
(part of Netcetera Group) and Slovenian central securities clearing corporation KDD d.d.
- Powered by permissioned distributed ledger technology.
Media release 27 February 2020.
Innovative Digital Ownership Management solution with DLT in its core to be launched by Securities Grid Ltd.
(part of Netcetera Group) and Slovenian central securities clearing corporation KDD d.d.
KDD Central Securities Clearing Corporation based in Ljubljana Slovenia and Securities Grid Ltd a London based enterprise DLT tech company recently partnered to launch a digital ownership management platform that is powered by permissioned distributed ledger technology.
“We are enthusiastic to partner with a renowned financial institution like KDD to bring real benefits of DLT technology to market.
We are also pleased about the support we have received from Netcetera as one of our main partners and founding investors,” said Darko Butina Chairman of the Board of Securities Grid.
Focused on Digitalization Solutions for Equity Issuers.
Digitalization is permeating how companies are doing business.
Companies are using easy to use digital services for accounting banking and managing ownership.
KDD is a long-standing asset servicing and securities depository services provider to stock companies in the SEE region.  By partnering with a fintech company KDD is committed to solidifying its leadership with best-in-class services and infrastructure to its current and future client base.
Together with Securities Grid KDD will be launching a digital ownership management platform in 2020 that will empower CFO’s accountants and board secretaries with powerful solutions enabling them to:
Securely access their share register and monitor changes to the registry via secondary market transactions.
Data exchange with KDD when issuing and distributing new securities.
Communicate with their shareholders electronically to help facilitate and organize annual general meetings and distribute information via a private and equitable communication channel.
Execute corporate actions with special focus on dividend payment execution.
Streamline transactions and operations for shares with builtin pre-emption rights and transfer restrictions that require board approval cutting complexity and costs for corporate and SME equity issuers.
Manage internal buy and sell information exchange enabling buyers and sellers of securities to connect and trade shares via KDD system members.
Additionally the platform has benefits for shareholders of non-listed equities since it facilitates the distribution of information relating to potential sale or buy interests by investors or other shareholders.
Piloted by equity issuers BTC Company and Loterija Slovenije (Slovenian National Lottery).
KDD ran a pilot programme during the course of the summer to pre-launch the digital ownership management platform with selected equity issuers with the goal to validate and fine-tune the solutions that are built-in and to test it with real users and real securities data.
In the scope of the pilot KDD onboarded two larger enterprises with widely dispersed shareholdership to participate in the pilot program to test the digital ownership management solution presented to them.
The first enterprise is BTC Company one of the leading commercial property development companies in Slovenia which manages BTC City one of the largest business shopping and leisure centers in Europe.
The BTC Company also runs a logistics service business unit which holds the leading market position in FMCG logistics in Slovenia.
Rajko Cvorovic CFO & CIO at BTC company commented: “In line with our digital transformation strategy one of our internal goals is also to adopt an easy to use digital services that will help us better manage our ownership management processes.
The solution provided to us by KDD via Securities Grid partnership will enable us to continuously monitor how our shareholder register changes due to secondary market transactions and inspect the origins of such transactions.”.
The second onboarded enterprise is Loterija Slovenije d.d.
(Slovenian National Lottery).
which is one of the two ongoing operators having the concessions for organizing classic games of chance and the only provider of lottery games in Slovenia.
Its 1,100 outlets offer over 40 different games which are organized according to the highest lottery and information security standards.
Future-proof Distributed Ledger Technology at its Core.
The digital ownership management platform is powered by enterprise-grade permissioned distributed ledger technology (DLT).
DLT in the context of capital markets was recently the main focus in the paper by the International Securities Service Association (ISSA): “Crypto Assets - Moving from theory to practice,'' that was co-authored by KDD as a member of the securitization industry working group.
The paper lays out a case for DLT networks and digital assets and the potential to transform the technology that is powering capital markets.
Especially technology in the post-trade processes of the industry.
KDD and Securities Grid plan to roll out the end product to customers in phases where the first phase shall be dedicated to security testing and production preparation.
Followed up by deploying a production-grade DLT network to system members of KDD and the integration of the end solution with e-brokerage for better shareholder user experience.
KDD’s strategy to this disruptive and innovative technology is to utilize the benefits of DLT network technology for complex data exchange amongst its core registry services and its systemic members as a first use case.
In the future KDD will continue to utilize the strong DLT infrastructure foundation developed by Securities Grid to explore native digital asset issuance as the EU regulatory environment matures and progresses.
About KDD.
About Securities Grid Ltd.
From closed property funds to open digital assets - Secure token offerings as alternative for private investors.
Real estate 04 March 2020.
From closed property funds to open digital assets.
Secure token offerings as alternative for private investors.
Crypto Assets / Digital Assets can open up the world of real estate financing for private investors based on blockchain protocols.
This enables attractive participation in real estate with secure token offerings.
If we value all global assets the total amounts to approximately USD 205 trillion of financial assets worldwide and approximately USD 127 trillion of non-financial assets such as real estate (World Council World Bank Coinbase 2019).
Assuming a growth of 4-5% total assets will increase to about USD 405 trillion by 2024 (Credit Suisse World Cup Report 2018).
The share of so-called digital assets is still negligible today: USD 230 billion including Bitcoin as a payment token with a market value of approximately USD 85 billion (2020 Jan.
coinbase).
If we assume that only 1% of digital assets will be available in 2025 this will amount to 4.1 trillion USD – and of this a high proportion of real estate will certainly be available.
Tokenization the digitization of the transferability of property rights works especially well in real estate.
Institutional investors high valuations and low liquidity have so far shaped projects in the real estate industry.
Access for private investors is limited.
The valuation up to pricing is very extensive and involves a lot of specific knowledge.
What are tokens?
According to the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA) participation rights represent real values of the underlying investment objects.
In addition to shares and bonds these can also be physical assets such as real estate.
The Federal Supervisory Authority for Financial Markets (BAFIN) in Germany considers tokens as digital assets with included rights and obligations and their possible transferability.
The digitalization of global assets as an opportunity for private investors.
In Germany the first securities prospectus for a secure token offering was approved in Europe at the beginning of 2019; the underlying instrument was originally a registered bond.
Designed as an investment it would have been subject to the German Investment Act.
However this alternative based on a block chain protocol as a secure token offering increased tradability and thus access for private investors.
This issuance by the Fundament Group from Berlin had a total volume of 250 million Euro Security Tokens with an underlying German real estate portfolio.
The split in security tokens enabled the participation of a large number of investors.
The issuance was structured as a token-based bond with an annually variable interest rate of between 4-8%.
Technically this was implemented based on the ERC-20 Ethereum token with a runtime until 2033.
Ethereum is a specific blockchain protocol that enables the issuance of tokens on standardized technical token protocols eg the ERC-20.
In a persistently negative interest rate environment with attractive valuations especially the digitalization of real estate can offer private investors attractive opportunities.
Through tokenization the decomposition into smallest parts private investors can also be enabled to participate and can be added under the aspect of portfolio diversification.
A decisive criterion for the sale is certainly the pricing.
In the real estate sector this is dependent on many factors: Location local price level connection to infrastructure etc.
Thus pricing is central and business-critical in real estate valuation as a prerequisite for the issue both with a classic bond and with security tokens.
It is and remains a competitive advantage for the providers and a transparency factor for the investment decision – also seen within the framework of the legal requirements for investment transactions such as MIFID 2 in Germany and FIDLEG in Switzerland.
Blockchain technology as an opportunity for the liquidity of digital assets.
In the meantime the structuring of such projects has also progressed a long way from a financial market regulatory perspective and has little in common with the Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs) from the early days of the blockchain / crypto hype.
This is a matter of tradable rights and the legislators in Germany and Switzerland are endeavoring to sharpen the legal framework further with regard to transferability tradability and insolvency law.
Analogous to the blockchain philosophy without intermediaries like banks a bond on differently structured real estate investments can be made directly accessible to private investors as an asset class.
They are not investing in crypto currencies but in payment tokens that are not subject to high volatility.
Ultimately the tradability and thus the liquidity of this asset class is also linked to the availability of a secondary market.
No ask price without a bid price the liquidity of an investment ultimately always depends on the tradability of supply and demand.
We are still in the early stages here but even in this market segment so-called crypto banks and other financial intermediaries are making efforts to act as a catalyst of supply and demand on established and new digital trading platforms.
The democratization of an elite asset class which was previously largely reserved for institutional investors has begun.
The possibilities of blockchain technology and innovative tools for asset pricing are the enablers especially with standardized token and blockchain protocols.
So-called intelligent contracts (Smart Contracts) allow to trade the shares on a blockchain infrastructure automatically and to automate specific pricing.
This can significantly reduce transaction costs another advantage for private investors.
How Netcetera can support you.
Netcetera has extensive experience in digitization and tokenization the implementation of blockchain and distributed ledger (DLT) technologies and especially in digital pricing of local real estate objects.
For over 20 years we have been implementing business-critical processes in software as individual solutions for our clients or as products.
We have provided support in the pricing of real estate and in real estate portfolio management within the scope of customer projects .
Our software components can be found in pricing tools of real estate consultants and in platforms for real estate trading.
We are able to support the entire value chain of the conception tokenization technical implementation on blockchain protocols and pricing of the objects up to the digital distribution of the tokens.
Sources: https://www.bafin.de/SharedDocs/Veroeffentlichungen/DE/Fachartikel/2019/fa_bj_1904_Tokenisierung.html https://medium.com/mme-legal/securities-token-offerings-stos-in-switzerland-3ad2e6ec5718 https://www.securities.io/fundament-group-to-issue-e250-million-in-security-tokens-backed-by-german-real-estate/.
Nils Löhndorf.
Managing Director Financial Technology +41 44 297 57 25.
Netcetera takes another step towards global expansion with office in Singapore - Netcetera takes another step towards global expansion.
Singapore 24 March 2020.
Netcetera takes another step towards global expansion with office in Singapore Expanding our Horizon - under this motto Netcetera expands to Singapore in 2020.
The Swiss software company and expert for digital payment solutions implements its global growth strategy with concrete measures and opened an office in Singapore in March.
In addition to the office in Dubai they want to advance further East with their highly secure and scheme-certified payment products.
In March 2020 Netcetera opened its fifteenth location with an office in Singapore.
Singapore is considered the financial capital and fintech hub of the region and is another step towards the East for Netcetera.
With Singapore we are setting the next milestone in our going global strategy says Dr Andrej Vckovski CEO of the Netcetera Group.
He is aware that competition in the APAC region is fierce but as the market leader in 3DS in the DACH region and with the excellent payment products already well established in Europe we are a competitive player for the Asian market.
The current situation demands even more stable secure and mobile payment options for e-commerce worldwide.
Netcetera offers excellent digital solutions for secure payment mobile banking mobile contactless payment digital wallet and 3-D Secure Services for secure online transactions to name just a few examples of their service portfolio.
Closer to customers with an experienced managing director.
Until now Netcetera supported its Asian clients from Europe and Middle East.
With the step into the Far East Netcetera is now closer to them and thus improves the cooperation.
This enables Netcetera to better respond to their customers’ needs and to find optimal solutions for their business.
In addition the new location also contributes to the early detection of regional market trends and a better understanding of the market as well as the ability to help shape it.
Kiril Milev Netcetera employee for many years and most recently Managing Director Middle East will become Managing Director in Singapore.
His ongoing work at Netcetera provides him with business and technological knowledge as well as a lot of experience in the near-shore context.
In his role as Managing Director Kiril Milev is responsible for business development and customer relations.
We see great opportunities to establish ourselves on the Asian market says Kiril Milev.
Our specialists’ know how to meet the requirements of the financial technology industry with their in-depth expertise and our qualitative range of products and services .
Our new office in Singapore in the co-working space JustCo.
Contact our managing director:
Payment trend scouting - Where does the journey in digital payment take us?
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub 3-D Secure Acquiring Products.
Media release 23 March 2020.
Presentation and workshop on payspectives at the ProfitCard.
Where does the journey in digital payment take us? Where are we at present what trends can already be observed and what further developments are clearly emerging? And what influencing factors are important for a realistic assessment?
For the Swiss software company Netcetera the intensive study of such questions is of fundamental importance.
After all it is about actively shaping the future of payment.
Trend scouting is a proven method for a structured approach.
Kurt Schmid Managing Director Digital Payment at Netcetera coined the term payspectives in connection with payment.
He explained his findings at the ProfitCard conference in Berlin.
The starting point are the trends which can already be clearly identified.
For example contactless payments with cards are very advanced despite initial strong criticism of security and data protection in many media.
Equally impressive are the successes of mobile payments - especially in connection with wallets like Apple Pay.
The use of biometrics for authentication and the opening of bank interfaces through PSD2 also play an important role.
In addition there are other trends such as the strong growth in online payment merchant apps with integrated payment and finally continuous improvements in user-friendliness for all electronic payment methods.
Clearly recognizable trends vs.
ideas without breakthrough.
There are also ideas that have not yet achieved a breakthrough.
Examples include the topics Blockchain for standard payments payment with wearables payment in the Internet of Things (IoT) or cashless supermarkets such as Amazon Go.
In order to delve into all these topics Netcetera also organized a workshop at ProfitCard.
The idea was to summarize the trends in clusters to give the discussions a meaningful structure.
The cluster titles: card related (eg European scheme 3DS 2.x) KYC related (eg eIDAS FIDO) technology related (eg tokenization delegated authentication Blockchain) UX & functional (eg in-app payment pay by face) ecosystem related (eg bank as platform provider GAFAs as partners) account related (eg instant payments).
Kurt Schmid: With this we have hit the nerve of the participants.
They all worked intensively with great interest and commitment.
To the ProfitCard Presentation on SlideShare:
Kurt Schmid Managinig Director Digital Payments:
Payment Trend Scouting @ProfitCard.
A workshop organized by Netcetera.
Our expert Kurt Schmid presenting at ProfitCard.
Our expert Michael Seifert at ProfitCard.
Our experts Kurt Schmid & Silke Hubert at ProfitCard.
Netcetera 3DS Server and SDK are EMV 3DS 2.2.0 certified - More approved transactions with Netcetera 3DS Server & SDK.
Secure digital payment 3-D Secure Acquiring Products 30 March 2020.
Netcetera 3DS Server and SDK are EMV 3DS 2.2.0 certified.
To enable you to increase the approval rates and reduce fraud we are continuously enhancing our products according to the highest regulatory standards.
We are very happy to announce that the Netcetera 3DS Server and the Netcetera 3DS SDK are officially certified for the EMV 3DS 2.2.0 protocol.
We are again among the first providers to receive the Letter of Approval from EMVCo for this latest protocol version.
EMV 3DS 2.2.0 protocol version enabels:
Support of new authentication channels.
Better communication across all domains.
Promotion of frictionless authentication – PSD2 exemptions.
Find the Letter of Approval here and learn more about Netcetera 3DS Acquiring products here.
All our 3DS products are EMVCo approved.
We received the EMVCo Letter of Approval for our 3-D Secure Server as first in Europe and second EMV 3DS component in the World.
The Netcetera ACS was one of the first to be certified for EMV 3DS as well.
Acquirers merchants and payment service providers can use our product to enroll in the 3DS platforms of all major card schemes.
With the Netcetera 3-D Secure Issuer Service we were the first payment service provider worldwide to receive the Letter of Compliance for the Mastercard Identity Check program.
In November 2018 we processed the world's first end-to-end EMV 3DS authenticated transaction with a Mastercard credit card via the Netcetera ACS.
In January 2019 we won the Golden Transaction in the Innovation category for our outstanding and innovative payment solutions.
As EMVCo Technical Associate Netcetera addresses new trends in payment early on and keeps its services and products up to date.
Talk to one of our 3DS experts:
The company as a “Professional Home” - Interview with Dominique Ramelet our CHRO.
Human Capital 16 April 2020.
The work/life balance has become very important in this day and age.
For companies this means they need to rethink their HR management.
Dominique Ramelet Chief Human Resources Officer (CHRO) at Netcetera AG speaks about the value of modern HR management and why the interaction between companies and their staff members is so important.
Dominique Ramelet Netcetera AG has grown significantly over the past few years as a result of its international activities.
What is your experience as the CHRO during these times of growth?
When I started in January 2019 it was clear within our company that internationalization would automatically also require a comprehensive analysis of professionalism compliance and efficiency.
At the same time Netcetera has learned that by focusing on more corporate agility the foundations for successful growth in various dimensions are laid.
We combine the following two aspects: Through agility and professionalism we are in a state of continuous improvement which enables us to experience change in a positive way.
We make use of this experience throughout the company as a whole to build even more substance and grow together.
In your opinion where is the value in expanded personnel support?
Netcetera has been working on enhancing its HR support for some time now.
This was a crucial factor to me personally in opting to become a «Netceterian».
Last year we restructured our human capital management to function as a service unit: Consequently we now operate as a holistic team within the so-called “People Circle”.
In addition to operational HR tasks this includes all internal personal and cultural development - the Netcetera University NCAU.
In addition there is an area within the circle that deals with the strategic development of people management and an area that deals systematically and proactively with the circumstances and challenges of everyday life.
With this restructuring we have now created a relevant proximity to our core business and all those involved.
The term “professional home” is closely associated with Netcetera.
And what do you understand this to mean?
Respect trust manners and mutual support.
The term working home describes how we at Netcetera value a holistically positive approach combined with the expectation that employees take an entrepreneurial view of the organization.
Just like our actual homes our professional homes are made up of social and economic components.
We consciously promote this coexistence.
Employees should have an enterprise-oriented view of the organization.
What do you mean by this?
By expanding the sphere from a traditional HR department to today's people circle we are able to better understand individual employees and drive a meaningful development of the organization.
One key element in this process is the “Empowerment” of each individual.
People management in this sense is not the same as traditional HR support.
Every individual and every team should be empowered to take responsibility for their own goals while taking the overall organization into account.
To be courageous take risks discover and pursue the greatest value for the company: In our opinion these are the driving forces of sustainable development.
Creating a favorable work/life balance is pivotal at Netcetera AG.
Which role do employees' individual responsibilities play in this process?
In terms of the work/life balance it is important to individually reconcile the various aspects of life.
We are convinced that by allowing our staff members to individually structure their private and professional lives we only enable them to create a professional home.
As an employer we can create opportunities and support employees in the process of finding the right balance for themselves.
Lastly what do you consider to be an ideal collaboration between employer and employees?
This kind of collaboration doesn't exist as such because ultimately employees form the employer.
This fundamentally applies to every organization and especially to Netcetera: a significant number of our employees are also shareholders and thus have a decisive influence on our common path into the future.
Interested in working with us?
Chief Human Resources Officer +41 44 297 55 55.
The crisis is accelerating our development - Interview with our CHRO Dominique Ramlet.
Human Capital 28 April 2020.
In times of the home office and social distancing companies find it harder to promote team spirit and support their employees.
Dominique Ramelet Chief Human Resources Officer (CHRO) at Netcetera talks about the challenges for employees and explains how Netcetera is tackling the Corona crisis.
Dominique Ramelet the usual day-to-day work has been turned upside down by the Corona crisis.
How did Netcetera manage the transition to a lockdown?
Netcetera was well prepared for the transition to home office.
Our Crisis Management Team (a team that has been rehearsing crisis operations for many years) was active back in February and ensured that all operational aspects were not affected by the almost complete virtualization of the company.
As a service provider in the international payment industry (one of our most important business areas) Netcetera fulfills an important function in processing cashless payments.
In this critical segment the continuity of our services for our customers was safeguarded at all times.
The move to a home office was not a challenge for our employees neither in terms of infrastructure nor organization.
Netcetera has been promoting work where you are for years therefore the current 99 percent home office presence was just a matter of scaling.
To what extent has Netcetera's day-to-day work changed?
It is interesting to see that besides the obvious aspects (videoconferencing etc.) the organization's self-perception is changing.
As an internationally active company with 14 branches worldwide we see our Netceterians moving closer together.
We live in a time of equidistance – each person is exactly one virtual arm length away from the next person.
Geographical barriers no longer exist.
This leads to new opportunities for cultural and methodological development.
What challenges are associated with the changes in everyday working life?
Essentially we as HR professionals are concerned with two important challenges: on the one hand the well-being of the individual and on the other replacing communication structures that no longer exist.
Here we focus on the initialization of new opportunities such as virtual events or initiatives to promote the sharing and discussion of experiences.
We also understand that the importance of transparent communication has increased.
The well-being of the individual is of course of great importance but well-being is difficult to measure which means some gaps are inevitable.
It is therefore important that we all take care of ourselves and actively approach each other.
The social climate in our organization has helped to make this happen in a quasi swarm-intelligent way.
As CHRO of Netcetera how do you handle the new working conditions?
It is nice to observe that as an organization we are perceived by our employees as a stabilizing element in Corona everyday life.
And we do our utmost to promote this relationship in all its manifestations.
How does Netcetera make sure that positive aspects of the Corona crisis are assimilated?
We already know that the crisis is accelerating our development.
The coming new normal will be driven by a clearer understanding of the importance of values culture and also self-organization – themes that we as a company have been adressing for some time and now prove to be more important than ever.
Teams emancipate themselves and better understand their unexploited potential for self-organization and development.
And by actively promoting the sharing of new insights we increase the speed of our continuous improvement.
As an HR department we see ourselves as being in charge of actively support and promote such developments.
This is a journey and we are learning every day.
20 years of payment expertise in 45 min.
- Join our interactive webinar series on top payment topics.
Media release 30 April 2020 20 years of payment expertise in 45 min.
Join our interactive webinar series on top payment topics.
Profit from our 20 years of expertise and insights on trending payment topics: In this series of interactive webinars “Payment News and Trends” we are covering topics like PSD2 open banking standards the future of checkouts big data in payments tokenization and authentication and much more.
Every two weeks we offer you the latest from the payment world with a keynote presentation voting and interactive Q&A sessions.
Get condensed and up-to-date information on a key payment and banking topic or a technical product introduction without the usual sales pitch.
With these 45-minute sessions hosted by one of our payment experts we are addressing decision makers managers and experts from card issuers banks payment service providers and merchants.
Depending on the topic we may invite guest speakers.
One of your hosts is Kurt Schmid responsible for our digital payment strategy and a known speaker at payment conferences: “Why another webinar series you may wonder? We have seen that digital payments have become a complex topic with many facets.
The combination of digital payment standards new technologies and regulations with a good User Experience is challenging.
Sharing the practical implications and opportunities in a condensed and concise way is a key benefit for the listener.
We want to share our experiences from more than 2000 successful customer projects and bring value to the payment industry.”.
Upcoming webinars.
Covid-19 and the impact on the future of payments 13 May 9 am CET.
The Corona crisis has hit almost all industries and changed the priorities in the way we pay.
What is the short- mid- and long-term impact on the payment and banking industry? Where do we see changes for the worse where opportunities for a faster adaption and digitization in the finance industry?
Sign up now.
Network Tokenization for merchants and PSPs: Benefits and Opportunities 27 May 9 am CET.
This webinar helps PSPs acquirers and merchants to understand what the benefits and opportunities of network tokenization are.
Issuers learn the slight differences to tokenization for wallets.
PSD2 SCA: What is new in 3DS 2.2 and how to implement a seamless experience in merchant apps 28 May.
Click for more details.
3-D Secure 2.2 brings important progress - Easier more convenient and safer payment in e-commerce.
Secure digital payment 3-D Secure Acquiring Products 3-D Secure Issuer Service 06 May 2020 3-D Secure 2.2 brings important progress.
Easier more convenient and safer payment in e-commerce.
Paying with credit cards in e-commerce should be just as easy convenient and secure for customers and merchants as at a checkout in the store.
Especially in the current situation it is important to offer consumers the best possible payment experience everywhere.
At the classic point of sale for example the limit for contactless card payments without PIN has been raised to 50 euros in most European countries.
In e-commerce the current version 2.2 of 3-D Secure finally offers the opportunity to combine even more convenience for customers with more security for card issuers and merchants.
This makes it even easier to avoid the unpleasant abandonment of purchases and the associated loss of sales for all parties involved.
In addition issuers can increase the acceptance rate of approved transactions and thus increase the satisfaction of both consumers and online merchants.
What new functions does the 2.2 version of 3-D Secure offer?
Although PSD2 generally requires strong customer authentication (SCA) it also allows a number of exceptions.
One of the most important exceptions is whitelisting which is now enabled by 3DS 2.2.
For online merchants that the cardholder has put on his personal whitelist payments can be processed without strong customer authentication.
As a result online payments at those trusted merchants are particularly easy and smooth.
At the same time the customer has control over which merchants he wants to trust and which he does not.
Another interesting new feature of 3DS 2.2 is.
Requestor initiated Payments (3RI) which allows merchants to initiate a transaction on their own.
Application examples are regularly recurring payments even with different amounts such as subscriptions to pay TV channels and bills from electricity or gas suppliers.
Here the merchant can successfully execute an online payment transaction even if the cardholder is currently offline.
3DS 2.2 also enables decoupled authentication : Here authentication is separated from the payment transaction and can still take place up to seven days after the actual payment.
Such an authentication can also be carried out in the background for example during a telephone call.
This new authentication option can be used for Mail Or-der/Telephone Order (MOTO) for example.
And last but not least 3DS 2.2 supports delegated authentication : This enables the merchant to send data to the issuer in the 3DS protocol to prove that the customer has already been authenticated by the merchant.
This allows the issuer to dispense with the 3DS process from their side.
This enables a PSD2 compliant one-click payment.
Netcetera was one of the first companies to be certified for 3-D Secure 2.2 by EMVCo and offers interested issuers acquirers and payment service providers various options for consulting and support.
Corona crisis and the future of paying 19 May 2020 20 years of payment expertise in 45 min.
How Covid-19 affects day-to-day business - Insights from our Director Sales Vlado Galevski.
Sales & Business Development 05 May 2020.
Insights from our Director Sales Vlado Galevski “The world has been pushed into the digital domain much deeper and faster than with years of digitalization consultancy this is irreversible and will accelerate the transformation of the complete finance eco-system” - Insight into our Sales and Business Development team with Vlado Galevski Director Sales.
Let us start with the obvious question how does the Covid-19 situation affect day-to-day business of your team and your customers?
Well of course the pandemic has pushed us into a new reality and it is affecting all of us in every possible way of daily business planning strategy and so on.
We all needed time to get used to working in a confined environment no travel no human touch and with several screens around you and kids running around in the background.
This is similar for millions of people around the world; however we are the lucky ones right? We are the ones that are lucky enough to be able to carry on and do business and serve our customers across the globe working from home.
There is only so much that you can transfer via a call video call or an IM.
I am a bit old-fashioned on that side and I still believe there are things one needs to do and discuss in person.
However this is not possible and we needed to adapt.
The key thing was adapting quickly assessing how the crisis is affecting the customers keeping in constant touch with the teams in the various countries and speaking to all stakeholders daily across multiple channels.
I did a self-review of the first week and saw that I was in 7-8 video calls per day on top of voice calls IM social media internal collaboration platforms and so on.
I think we are not working less actually quite the opposite.
Since we are providing a crucial service to a very important segment of the finance and payment eco system we wanted to make sure that the message goes out to all of our external partners as soon as possible: we are here for you let’s work together through these difficult times.
Are you seeing a significant effect on the crisis in the payment and fintech eco-system?
I think there is already a multitude of initial analyses on how the crisis is going to play out in the payments landscape some of them being pessimistic some of them being overly optimistic.
The fact is however bad it might sound the crisis has pushed businesses that were not even thinking about digitization before into doing so to survive.
Small shops setup e-commerce overnight delivery and payment user behavior changed with contactless payment increase and so on.
We have a very diverse customer base.
In the hard-hit industries with a lot of card present payment we are seeing a significant drop in transaction numbers due to the lockdown.
However there is an increase in card present transactions with “life supply” merchants which stayed open.
What we are seeing as well is a significant increase in contactless payment transactions even in some of our traditional “cash is king” markets.
This is very important since it is not a trend and the adoption rate will stay the same even after the crisis.
On the e-commerce side as we all know the entire travel segment has been hit hard so we saw a drop from one day to another from literally millions of transactions to almost zero.
On the other hand e-commerce in all other aspects is continuing to grow with spikes in some segments of up to 25% increase.
So mid- to long-term once the hard hit industries start to recover I believe we will see a significant boost to the e-commerce growth figures across the board.
The World has been pushed into the digital domain by the crisis much deeper and faster than years of digitalization consultancy; this is irreversible and will accelerate the transformation of the complete finance segment.
How about the adoption of SCA PSD2 and regulation in general? Will this change?
There was a lot of discussion about the roadmap feasibility even before the crisis and we saw a change and a push forward of the SCA adoption timeline.
It is difficult to predict how the legislation timelines (or content) are going to be affected by the crisis.
However a further delay is not unthinkable.
We are working closely together with our EMVco partners as well as with Visa Mastercard and other scheme partners on this topic.
What is certain is that our products will always be among the first ones to be certified for the new protocols and standards.
The customer facing team of Netcetera has grown significantly in the past two years are you stopping with the growth plans and what are the next steps there?
Correct we started the journey of building out a scalable sales and business development setup in late 2017 which can utilize the current customer base and be nimble enough to serve our growth strategy for the years to come.
We wanted to take the best practices that made us a market leader in Switzerland Germany and Austria and deploy them in the Global business playground.
Two and a half years later with almost 30 people in the Sales and Business development segment I am really happy we have excellent expert teams across Europe with Austria Germany Switzerland France UK and the Nordics being only a part of them as well as the Middle East and our newly opened location in Singapore.
We streamlined the sales process introduced Salesforce and other state-of-the-art lead generation platforms kicked off the partnerships and channel sales.
This revamp and the strong growth of the team has resulted in 2019 being the year where we won customers from 22 new countries across the Globe.
The growth does not stop there 2020 has so far been an excellent year business-wise despite the crisis and at least in our segment we are still growing continuously and serving our customers without interruption.
We have ambitious plans which although offset a bit later in the year still foresee new locations both in Europe but a bit further away as well as new products and services.
Can you support such growth with delivery as well? Are you not afraid that growing so rapidly with customers is going to overflow “the supply lines”?
We are very proud of our Swiss way of doing things.
As you may know not only excellent quality software products but also careful planning is an integral part of the Swiss DNA.
So no we are always planning to scale each segment of our customer journey so that our renowned customer satisfaction level stays the same or actually improves J.
Joking aside we have customers among the biggest players in Fintech Banking and Payment worldwide.
However we have a large customer base in the mid and small segment as well.
We have been serving the complete eco-system for the past 25 years with practically no churn.
Netcetera stands for quality before everything else so this is something that we will only build further on and never change.
What are the long-lasting effects of the crisis for you and what are your 3 most important things you are going to do after the situation begins to normalize?
Putting aside the business effect for a moment obviously the most dramatic and lasting-effect of the crisis is the human aspect the vast amount of lives affected by the sickness and losing loved ones.
The crisis has once again taught us that being agile in reinventing yourself your business and processes and even pivoting when needed is key to surviving in such times.
Three most important things? I am longing for the day I can see my team members and colleagues again speak to them and have a coffee with them I am looking forward to the first travel and having a beer and a bite in person with my customers and partners – video calls just do not transfer the entire humanity in such interactions.
Major improvement for e-commerce payments worldwide 20 May 2020 3-D Secure 2.2 brings important progress.
Mastercard certified: 3DS Server SaaS.
Now ready for major card schemes 03 September 2019.
Strong boost for cashless payments - Corona crisis and the future of paying.
Secure digital payment 19 May 2020.
Corona crisis and the future of paying.
The corona crisis has profound effects on all areas of life and the economy.
It also affects the way in which consumers pay both now and in the future.
What concrete developments can we currently observe in the payment industry and what prospects seem realistic at present? Kurt Schmid responsible for payment strategy and innovation at Netcetera analyzed the data from Netcetera's own data warehouse and collected a lot of additional information.
Participants of the webinar Covid-19 and the Impact to the Future of Payments profited from this knowhow and research.
The payment behavior of consumers shows fundamentally different developments at the checkout in shops on the one hand and in e-commerce on the other.
In a study 26 percent of the consumers said that since the outbreak of the Corona crisis they have deliberately avoided using cash when shopping in stores.
35 percent stated that they preferred card payments already before.
As a result there was a 30 percent drop in cash payments in those stores that were still allowed to open.
This means Corona is giving cashless payments a very strong boost.
Debit cards currently benefit the most.
Debit cards are the main beneficiaries of the shift towards card payments with an increase in transactions of more than 10 percent.
This is because debit cards are mainly used for daily purchases.
The numbers for credit cards which are mainly used for travel restaurants and hotels and mobile wallets are growing significantly less each by just over one percent.
It is also very clear that the Corona crisis is strengthening the trend towards contactless payments.
In a worldwide study by Mastercard 82 percent of consumers answered that they consider contactless methods to be more hygienic.
At the same time Visa reports that contactless payments have increased by 40 percent during the crisis period compared to the previous year.
The fact that the limit for contactless payments has been raised to 50 euros (80 CHF 45 GBP) in most countries is certainly helpful in this respect.
Kurt Schmid comments: Without Corona the consumers probably would have had to wait for this limit increase for years.”.
E-commerce can benefit from Corona to the extent that consumers partly abandon their previous reservations.
In a worldwide survey 18 percent of consumers said that they had used online shopping for the first time because of the Corona crisis.
This gives online retailers the opportunity to tap into new potential.
Crisis with heterogeneous effects.
Overall however the effects of the crisis in the payment industry are very heterogeneous.
For example some credit card issuers are currently registering a decline in card sales of 50 percent and more.
Acquirers have seen their processed volume fall by around 60 percent in some cases while payment service providers typically have seen growth due to additional online shopping and declines due to lower overall consumption roughly balancing each other out.
We can find the reasons for this in the general economic consequences of the crisis: Unemployment rates are rising and when people have less money at their disposal private spending falls.
In addition many consumers are more likely to switch from consumption mode to saving mode.
It is to be expected that this will be more noticeable in the payment industry than in the economy as a whole due to declining transaction numbers volumes and earnings.
At least the advantages now achieved in payment will continue to exist: Contactless limits will remain at a higher level than before the crisis.
The trend towards contactless payment will also continue now that consumers have come to appreciate the benefits.
In addition a push for e-commerce can be expected as soon as merchants are able to invest again.
Corona as acceleration for the future of payment.
Previous studies have predicted a decline in the cash ratio and an increase in new digital forms of payment for 2023.
It is now noticeable that the Corona crisis is accelerating this change.
Originally it was expected that by 2023 only 28 percent would still pay with cash in the euro zone.
Presumably this will now be 1-2 years sooner and with an even faster move to digital payment.
Key role for digital payment.
China is a good example of the key role that digital payment plays in keeping the economy running during the crisis while at the same time effectively limiting the spread of the virus.
This applies both to contactless payment via smartphone and to e-commerce initiatives that help smaller retailers in particular to keep their business running.
The conclusion of the webinar can be summed up as follows: Digitization is more important in all areas of the economy now than ever before.
The key to success in payment lies in further improving user-friendliness – especially in e-commerce.
New checkout experiences for example through Secure Remote Commerce Delegated Authentication Push Provisioning and Easy Onboarding will support this.
In mobile payment value-added services can make mobile payment even more attractive.
Ultimately the corona crisis offers the opportunity to accelerate the development of digital payment and digital banking.
Kurt Schmid: During the webinar we also asked the participants how their companies are getting through the crisis.
For most of them the focus is currently on increasing their own efficiency and driving digitization further.
The participants also suggested that this webinar be repeated in about six months' time when the further development of this pandemic can be better assessed.
We are happy to take up this suggestion.
Profit from our 20 years of expertise and insights on trending payment topics like PSD2 open banking standards the future of checkouts big data in payments tokenization or authentication and much more.
sign up.
Netcetera 3DS Server and Netcetera 3DS SDK got UnionPay certification - Major improvement for e-commerce payments worldwide.
Media release 20 May 2020.
Netcetera 3DS Server and Netcetera 3DS SDK got UnionPay certification.
Major improvement for e-commerce payments worldwide.
UnionPay one of the world’s largest bankcard schemes certified the Netcetera 3DS Server and SDK for UnionPay card transactions.
The Swiss software company and expert for digital payment solutions Netcetera is market leader for 3-D Secure and recently opened an office in Singapore to bring their scheme-certified payment products to the APAC region.
The UnionPay certification will substantially improve user experience for e-commerce promoting secure and frictionless consumer authentication for online transactions with all UnionPay cards worldwide.
In 2019 e-commerce accounted for 14% of all retail sales worldwide.
Almost 2 billion people purchased their goods and services online with Asia-Pacific still leading the global e-commerce growth.
Cardholders’ demand for a better payment experience and improved security drives the market forward and in the current extraordinary times providing secure and user-friendly digital payment solutions is becoming even more important.
Driving security and convenience of online payments Netcetera has successfully completed the testing and certification with UnionPay for their Netcetera 3DS Server and 3DS SDK products.
UnionPay has enabled card acceptance in 178 countries and regions with issuance in 61 countries and regions.
According to the Nilsen Report (Issue 1154) issued in May 2019 UnionPay is the world’s largest bankcard scheme in terms of transaction volume holding a market share of about 44.13%.
Peter Frick Managing Director Secure Digital Payments at Netcetera says: “We are very proud to be able to offer EMV 3DS PCI and scheme-certified products.
The certification with UnionPay is a huge opportunity for merchants and e-commerce worldwide.” Customers of the Netcetera 3DS Server SaaS and 3DS SDK can get a waiver for certification with UnionPay.
The 3DS Server ensures the smooth and reliable processing of card payments from online shops.
Payment Service Providers and Acquirers can easily integrate with the Netcetera 3DS Server to ensure that their online shops support strong authentication according to card networks’ and governments' regulations offer a seamless cardholder experience and generate a larger number of transactions.
More about our Acquiring products.
Management 20200520-media-release-netcetera-unionpay-certification.pdf.
Size: 107.8 KB.
3-D Secure Acquiring Products - Secure online commerce.
CEO 3-D Secure Acquiring Products.
All our products.
On top of your finances at all times.
Your wallet & brand.
Powered by our wallet-as-a-service.
3-D Secure Issuer Service.
Protection against credit card abuse during online payments 3-D Secure Acquiring Products.
Omnium.
Digital consultancy support for banking and insurance.
IHE toolset.
Identify gaps in eHealth systems with our standard grid ePolice Mobile.
In direct contact with the public.
Turns your journey into an experience.
Plaza Enterprise Search.
The Intranet search engine that knows your organization.
Flexible and custom-fit health engine.
Orchestrate your hospital’s processes.
Boost the efficiency of your inspection processes 3DS MPI 3DS Server 3DS SDK.
The 3-D Secure Aquiring Products from Netcetera ensure the smooth and reliable processing of payments when consumers shop over the internet.
The 3DS Server 3DS SDK and 3DS MPI come with contemporary web services for the verification and authentication of the cardholder.
As an integral part of the online shopping process the Netcetera 3-D Secure Acquiring Products authenticate and verify the cardholder against Visa Secure (Verified by Visa) Mastercard® Identity Check™ (SecureCode™) American Express Safekey® Diners Club ProtectBuy® JCB J/Secure™ Mir Accept and UnionPay UPOP. Merchants enabling 3-D Secure transactions benefit from a liability shift to the card issuer and thereby reduce their risk for non-authenticated transactions and associated refunds and lost revenue.
Netcetera offers 3-D Secure Acquiring Products for 3DS 1.0 and 2.0: The homemade 3DS Server and 3DS SDK products for 3DS 2.0 complement the Merchant Plug-In (MPI), a proven product that is highly valued by customers all over the world for its smooth integration. The products are based on latest technologies and have a contemporary architecture which can be flexibly developed further to support future requirements. A comprehensive dashboard as well as log data and statistics are available for monitoring fulfilling the requirements of the card schemes.
Netcetera's 3DS MPI 3DS Server and 3DS SDK can be licensed and operated on site on the infrastructure of the merchants.
Alternatively the product architecture allows a central operation for several merchants run by a payment service provider (PSP) or by an acquirer or a bank.
Our offering your benefits 3-D Secure Merchant Plug-In (MPI) as a license 3-D Secure Server as a license 3-D Secure SDK as a license.
Support during integration and operation.
Continuous enhancement of the products.
PCI-ready: developed with regard to PCI certification simplifies the audit of your global solution.
Flexibly expandable: benefit from a scalable licensing model.
Secure future: ensured business continuity thanks to the use of state-of-the-art technologies.
Built with Netcetera's longstanding experience and expertise in the credit card industry and in particular in the processing of online payments with 3-D Secure.
Further information.
Are you interested to learn more about the Netcetera 3-D Secure Acquiring Products? Please visit our product center for latest news technical documentation and downloads.
Netcetera also offers a 3-D Secure Issuer Service for card issuers and banks.
We look forward to hearing from you or to meeting you at one of our next events.
Acquiring Products flyer for download and sharing.
Visit our 3DS acquiring product center.
Discover ProtectBuy® certified.
One of the first vendors with certified 3DS SDK product 16 August 2019.
Webinar frictionless 3DS payments.
Enhanced cardholder experience with Merchant Whitelisting 20 June 2019 3-D Secure solution with Credorax.
Leveraging Artificial Intelligence 04 June 2019.
Secure in-app commerce with higher transaction conversion 23 May 2019.
SRC and Online Shopping.
Workshop presentation and moderation by our experts 22 March 2019.
Our payment experts share their knowledge with the community 25 February 2019.
3-D Secure Issuer Service - Protection against credit card abuse during online payments.
CEO 3-D Secure Issuer Service.
Boost the efficiency of your inspection processes 3-D Secure Issuer Service.
Protection against credit card abuse during online payments.
The global «3-D Secure» standard enhances security for online credit card payments.
In its data centers Netcetera operates a multi-client capable 3-D Secure service.
You as card issuers and banks benefit from Netcetera's longstanding 3-D Secure experience and its homemade technology flexibly configurable to your needs.
The security and customer experience challenge.
Consumers increasingly shop online anytime anywhere and from any device.
Still the shopping habits and needs of consumers differ depending on generation individual background and digital affinity.
At the same time with the ongoing expansion of e-commerce fraud with credit and debit cards is steadily on the rise.
In addition to actual card theft card details are being stolen and abused with electronic methods.
Against this background you as the card issuer or bank are challenged to expand your security precautions to reduce the cases of fraud – while meeting the evolving expectations from your cardholders towards their means of payment and while complying with a growing number of complex regulatory requirements.
3-D Secure service designed to meet your cardholders' expectations.
The globally adopted 3-D Secure (3DS) standard increases security for online credit card transactions.
3-D Secure is commonly known under the web-shop quality labels «Verified by Visa» «Mastercard® Identity Check™ (SecureCode™)» «American Express SafeKey®» «Diners Club ProtectBuy®» or «JCB J/Secure™».
Built on 15 years' experience Netcetera operates a comprehensive and flexible set of 3-D Secure services in order to best support card issuers' and banks' needs and requirements in a fast changing market.
Key Features.
State-of-the-art Access Control Server (ACS) supporting 3DS 1.0 and 2.0 protocol.
Authentication methods that allow a positive payment experience for any consumer:
Out-of-band (OOB): Cardholder confirms the transaction with a single click in a mobile app.
One-time passcode (OTP): Linked to the transaction data delivered via text message email or e-banking.
Risk-based authentication (RBA): Integrate transaction scoring to prevent unnecessary cardholder interaction.
Online registration portal for card enrollment and card management by the cardholder.
Standardized web services for straightforward integration with the issuer portal backend-provisioning of cards life cycle management.
Modern and user-friendly administration portal for back-office and call-center support API for flexible integration.
Comprehensive reporting engine based on Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).
Benefits for card issuers and banks.
Your flexibility and efficiency is our goal.
The Netcetera 3-D Secure Issuer Service is designed to support nearly any use case and enables a fast onboarding and a wide adoption by cardholders.
In addition to the high configurability of the service short development cycles and a dedicated delivery team facilitate your 3DS solution.
We take care of new regulations industry standards and complexity.
The Netcetera ACS supports the EMVCo 3DS 2.0 and the 1.0 protocol.
The requirements of the PSD2 can be fully met with the standard service. As an.
EMVCo Technical Associate we engage early with new trends in the payment industry and keep our services and products cutting-edge.
Highest security standards from a quality service provider.
Netcetera operates a PCI DSS- and PCI 3DS-certified system complying with the highest security standards including all Visa, Mastercard® and American Express® requirements.
Are you interested to learn more about the Netcetera 3-D Secure Issuer Service or 3-D Secure Acquiring Products ? We look forward to hearing from you or to meeting you at one of our next events.
Product flyer for download and sharing.
3-D Secure Issuer Service Brochure.pdf.
Size: 66 KB.
On this topic 3-D Secure 2.2 brings important progress.
Enhanced cardholder experience with Merchant Whitelisting 20 June 2019.
Workshop presentation and moderation by our experts 22 March 2019 3-D Secure for DKB.
Our experts‘ insights at the Swiss Payment Forum 14 November 2018.
New internet payment standards.
We are contributing to development 02 July 2018.
product.
Artificial Intelligence - Revolutionary new opportunities for the entire economy.
Revolutionary new opportunities for the entire economy.
The use of AI-supported applications brings revolutionary new possibilities for the entire economy.
We open these new possibilities to companies to achieve business benefits.
Most companies have data in different formats that result from different business processes and archive them.
We can revive this data and deliver insights that can be translated into immediate business value.
Together with 4Quant we operate the joint venture.
AI First with which we promote the distribution of AI applications in Switzerland.
Our focus here is on topics such as data science and machine/deep learning .
These disciplines have great potential in today's data-driven business world.
In AI First we combine our decades of experience in classic disciplines such as requirements engineering software development user experience and IT operations with pioneering AI expertise.
We know the market the customers and the customers' data and know how and where to leverage artificial intelligence for business success.
We help you make the transition from AI experiments to productive AI solutions that generate immediate business value.
We have already proven this ability with a string of business-relevant applications currently deployed in production.
Our products in this area.
Achieve real business value with AI applications.
AI-controlled technologies have the potential to optimize established processes in companies and thus generate verifiable business value.
To exploit this potential companies often lack both technical and consulting knowledge.
We offer exactly this from a single source.
We augment your reality.
Augmented reality opens up new horizons.
Augmented reality (AR) and mixed reality (MR) combine a real environment with virtual content meaning that you can combine the real world with digital content while also moving freely and communicating with others.
Augment IT by Netcetera develops AR and MR applica­tions for smartphones tablets and mixed reality glasses such as Hololens.
Our solutions optimize pro­duction maintenance and servicing provide added value in the fields of training medicine and architecture and create experiences.
We develop interactive immersive solutions for businesses making their processes more efficient tangible transparent and simple.
Custom AR software – Your Augmented Reality app.
Not sure how to leverage Augmented and Mixed Reality for your company which technologies are available to you and which devices are suitable for your context? We have many years of experience in software development.
We work in an agile manner and offer a cost-effective solution that fits your needs.
Let us demonstrate how innovative AR and MR platforms work and how your company can benefit from this technology.
Proud of our awards.
Nathanael in front of our customer EWZ.
Together we won a Best of Swiss Web Award.
Our solutions products employment conditions and benefits repeatedly receive awards for excellence – our quality convinces juries and our customers.
Some of our award winning solutions.
Utilizing immutability and distribution.
We see great potential in the decentralized approach of distributed ledger technologies to process validate or authenticate transactions.
It enables the distribution of data between all parties in the system instead of only to the participants of a transaction.
Blokverse is a Netcetera spin-off founded to bring the DLT based platform Attainr to the market.
Attainr is a secure full-fledged platform to manage digital education credentials.
It addresses the challenges in the field of education with the merits of decentralization: secure tamper-proof creation and issuance of digital credentials which then can be easily verified by the relying parties.
The inherent attributes of DLT are a great fit for the modern era’s education philosophy of lifelong learning.
>> Visit the Blokverse website.
We believe that a proper application of distributed ledger technology (and blockchain in particular) has a great potential for a significant socio-economic impact.
Vladimir Simjanoski.
CEO Blokverse +389 70 587 839.
Be part of the Netcetera family.
Apply now!
Friede in front of the Netcetera office in Bern one of the possible work locations if you join us.
Our CTO Corsin Decurtins with us since 2000 once said: “Netcetera has become my work home.
I feel at home and supported by my work family”.
Do cities like Berlin Zurich Skopje or Dubai catch your fancy? Find our vacancies here.
If you can see a future for yourself at Netcetera please contact us.
Do you have a friend who works at Netcetera? Ask her/him to introduce you to us.
You will get on the fast lane in the recruiting process and your contact will get a referral bonus if we hire you.
Win win!
Employer awards.
What's going on beside work 20th anniversary celebration.
On 23 June 2016 we celebrated a our 20th anniversary with a cheerful party at Kaufleuten Zürich with employees and their families customers and partners.
Netcetera 20 years anniversary party in Zürich 23 June 2016 from.
Vimeo.
The Connect! seminar in September 2014.
Every two years all Netcetera employees meet to exchange their knowledge and foster their cross-border team spirit.
Ada Lovelace visiting our offices in Zürich.
The British mathematician (1815 - 1852) is considered a software pioneer today.
For the first Ada Lovelace Festival in Switzerland on 6 September 2019 she visited our offices in Zürich.
Co-creating the future of our cities - Our new crowdsourcing IoT platform pulse.eco is live.
Internet of Things 21 December 2018.
Our new crowdsourcing IoT platform pulse.eco is live.
Continuing our efforts into the Internet of Things (IoT) world we have scaled up SkopjePulse to the next level and introduced a new crowdsourcing platform under the name pulse.eco.
Pulse.eco is the next level IoT solution created by our experts as a scalable crowdsourcing platform for Environmental Sustainable Development.
It is based on LoRaWAN / Wi-Fi sensor installation and other third-party sources to gather analyze and visualize environmental data.
With pulse.eco you can learn about the air pollution urban noise temperature or humidity in your surroundings with just a few clicks.
Even better everyone can participate in expanding the network and setup their own devices to enrich the data sourcing.
The platform is completely dependent on the communities and enthusiast who wish to contribute for a better tomorrow.
Our vision is for the network to grow on its own where local community leaders will initiate expansion to new cities and areas be the promotor of the solution and provide suggestions for improvement.
Pulse.eco is the advancement of SkopjePulse providing easier expansion of the city map on the initiative of individuals.
The platform relies on The Things Network (TTN) as a main LoRaWAN provider for the communication of its devices or home Wi-Fi as an alternative.
The core of the system is the Netcetera IoT platform which brings connectivity of the various data sources scalable data storage data analytics interactive visualizations and finally the significance of all the data collected.
The IoT platform has the following features: constructed as a set of containerized building blocks easily scalable efficient and robust uses Apache Cassandra as data storage ready for massive data handling and distribution uses multiple interfaces for data collection and dispatching: HTTP(s) CoAP MQTT.
has adapters for different LoRaWAN providers such as TheThingsnetwork and Swisscom consists of building blocks for easy integration with third party data sources has complete web interface for device administration user management logging system status and usage provides data analytics plugins for easy statistics extracting correlations and time-series prediction; as well as interactive visualizations.
For the initial needs we focused on getting environmental data for ambient particulate matter in the air (PM2.5 and PM10) temperature humidity and relative noise.
The other major pieces of the solution are the actual devices now improved and made easier to assemble with open-hardware and easy to find components even without in-depth technology knowledge.
For reference of the previous experience and more information about the technology behind pulse.eco please take a look at its predecessor.
SkopjePulse pulse.eco.
Cultura sponsorships and memberships.
More than software.
Martin and Milena in front of University in Skopje.
We take our social responsibility seriously and give something back.
We support socially valuable projects in the areas of culture education community development and leisure.
Young talents benefit from our internships and apprenticeships.
We promote the Swiss ICT sector with our experts’ knowledge and sponsorships.
Articles and talks by our experts.
Our experts share their knowledge with the IT community in countless publications interviews and presentations.
Memberships.
Our specialists form part of an extensive network within the IT industry.
They are members in professional associations and nonprofit organizations.
Regular community events and contacts with leading experts ensure that our network is constantly growing – to your benefit.
For example we are members of ICTswitzerland the Java User Groups.
JUGMK and JUGS.
Swiss ICT swiss made software smama - Swiss Mobile Association.
Swiss Open Systems User Group (/ch/open) and Germany's association for IT and Telecommunications.
Bitkom.
Sponsorships.
With our sponsorships we support the IT community encourage young talents and advance the ICT location Switzerland.
With Cultura we commit to culture education recreation and society.
We support cultural events.
But we also welcome valuable projects in other areas such as environmental protection sports of all kinds social projects education and much more.
If you have a brilliant idea for an event or an activity close to one of our locations ask us for a contribution.
Learn more about the conditions and application here.
Software matters.
A company with character.
Emilija Valerija and Ljubomir in front of our office in Skopje one of the longest standing locations of the Netcetera Group.
As a leading Swiss software company we support our customers worldwide with trend-setting products and custom software.
We cover the entire IT service lifecycle from strategy to implementation and operation.
Our balanced combination of cutting-edge technology and proven standards ensures investment security from large-scale projects to innovative start-ups.
Our 600 employees have one common goal: to help our customers reach their digital business targets.
The Netcetera Group  – a well coordinated network.
In the last 20 years we have also grown as a group.
Founded in 1996 by five study colleagues we have grown to an international holding company with several affiliates complementing our services.
And whenever necessary we also call on proven professionals from our extensive network in the IT scene.
Affiliate companies.
The following companies are part of the Netcetera Group:
Blokverse is a Netcetera spin-off founded to bring the DLT based platform Attainr to the market.
Attainr is a secure full-fledged platform to manage digital education credentials.
It addresses the challenges in the field of education with the merits of decentralization: secure tamper-proof creation and issuance of digital credentials which then can be easily verified by the relying parties.
Find more information at: blokverse.com.
Braingroup digitizes your world of advisory: Braingroup is leading in the digital transformation of advisory and sales processes.
With Omnium Braingroup sets new standards in the digital advisory support for banks insurances and health insurances.
Omnium is based on a strict omni-channel strategy and enables bi-directional communication between customer portal (self-service advisory) face-to-face advisory (counseling interview) and expert advisory.
Find more information at: braingroup.ch.
Cognism goes beyond company and contact data.
We deliver your operational needs with industry leading data.
In addition we apply machine learning to your anonymized data to find fresh opportunities through our dynamic buyer persona discovery delivering next generation customer insights.
Find more information at: cognism.com.
D ONE is one of the leading swiss companies for data machine learning and artificial intelligence with national and international customers and a team of 40 experts for data driven value creation.
D ONE designs and implements projects which create value from data acts as guide on the journey to a data driven enterprise and helps companies to shape processes organizational structure and company culture leveraging the hands-on know how along the entire value chain.
Find more information at: d-one.ai.
ProCentric is a technology-independent IT service provider who consistently designs and implements BPM-based individual software with an experienced team of specialists for innovative companies.
Find more information at: procentric.ch.
Rhumbnet is a leading IT service company that supports its customers and partners in the GCC region in the inevitable trend of digital transformation.
Based in Abu Dhabi UAE the company brings the ideal blend of regional culture with the state-of-the-art products and services.
Find more information at: rhumbnet.ae.
Unitek is specialized in processing financial data.
In the last 30 years we have successfully integrated financial data (market data master data news) from over 60 sources into various systems.
In addition to data integration we also specialize in data processing (eg offering management risk management) and data distribution in heterogeneous environments.
Find more information at: unitek.ch.
Securities Grid is a white-label tokenized securities issuance platform. We believe that the underlying technology that powers the capital markets will change with the emergence of distributed ledger technology.
Together with our banking partners we're building the next generation distributed ledger infrastructure and white-label solutions for digital ownership management issuance custody & transfer of fully compliant tokenized securities.
Find more information at: securitiesgrid.com.
Talk to us.
Learn more about what we do.
CONCORDIA.
With a secure and high-performance system integration into the digital future.
CONCORDIA is one of the oldest health insurers in Switzerland and the Principality of Liechtenstein.
It carries out health insurance in accordance with the Swiss Federal Law on Health Insurance and the Liechtenstein Law on Health Insurance.
Testimonial.
Netcetera and CONCORDIA complemented each other very well.
Netcetera successfully completed a complex system integration with its expertise and experience.
We have reached an important milestone on our path of digital transformation.

Stefan Pleisch.
CIO of CONCORDIA.
Business Service Layer ensures the secure exchange of data with the customer portal and other applications.
Netcetera has connected the standard software adcubum SYRIUS to other applications via its API bridge.
This secure system integration consists of the Business Service Layer which forms the interface from the main system to various other applications such as the digital counter or from the customer portal to the archive.
High security requirements system coupling transformation of the different data scalability and high performance had to be met.
Features and benefits.
HIGHLY EFFECTIVE AND SCALABLE:
Connecting adcubum SYRIUS to various external systems.
SECURE EXCHANGE of master and transaction data with the customer portal and other applications.
DATA SECURITY and the protection of personal data.
EFFICIENT DIGITAL OFFERING for end customers.
Want to know more? Get in contact with our expert:
We are open to your questions.
You can reach us by:
E-mail: info@netcetera.com.
Phone: +41 44 297 55 55.
Andrej Vckovski CEO.
Our locations.
Conversational Interfaces - Speech-activated assistants as a tangible asset.
Speech-activated assistants as a tangible asset.
In addition to touch and text conversational interfaces will play an increasingly important role as an input channel.
Speech-activated assistants can be a tangible and audible asset in various everyday situations and dramatically enhance the user experience.
Conversational interfaces create new business areas .
This forces companies to act in order not to be left behind when customer behavior evolves.
Today's children are growing up with conversational interfaces; they are “CI natives”.
They learn to communicate naturally with devices.
In the future it will be unimaginable for them that there were times when conversational interfaces did not exist.
We are not there yet but we are well on our way.
Creating new opportunities.
The advantage of conversational interfaces for the business lies in the possibility to generate more user data and get an even better understanding of user behavior.
CI disrupts markets and creates new opportunities.
As an experienced integrator we are taking a lead in developing voice-controlled solutions and integrating third-party voice assistants in existing applications.
We have been developing such mobile apps and backend applications for various industries.
For public transportation a timetable app for finance the Bank Advisor Protocol - Converlyze for the payment industry a peer-to-peer payment app a robotic arm supporting people with disabilities and a grocery list.
There are many niches which major tech companies do not cover such as Swiss languages and dialects.
In addition it is advantageous to keep the data in Switzerland.
Since we take privacy very seriously we provide solutions that keep conversations between humans and computers or phones within premises.
What the future may bring.
In the future people will be able to communicate with their devices naturally.
Conversational interfaces will change how users interact with devices.
In combination with machine learning new skills will be required for example conversation design or semantic analysis.
Additionally the integration with backend systems will change.
Integrating conversational interfaces is fascinating and challenging and we are excited to be part of this development.
Did we spark your interest for this new field of opportunities?
Contact our experts:
Conditions and application.
With Cultura we commit to culture education recreation and society.
We support cultural events.
But we also welcome valuable projects in other areas such as environmental protection sports of all kinds social projects education and much more.
If you have a brilliant idea for an event or an activity contact us to inquire about support.
How can I receive support for my project?
Please send us a brief description of your project via e-mail including the budget.
Please comply with the formal requirements indicated below.
We process the applications we receive on a continuous basis.
The review takes some time therefore we urge you to apply at least three months before the implementation of the project.
Acceptance or rejection of projects is usually communicated within four weeks after we receive the application.
Netcetera Cultura makes the financial resources available within six weeks after acceptance of a project.
The Cultura commission does not render an account of its decisions.
What is the level of potential support provided by Netcetera Cultura?
Grant amounts are usually between CHF 500 and CHF 3,000.
As long as Netcetera can provide meaningful support for a project non-monetary contributions will also be granted.
Netcetera Cultura does not require exclusivity in the project sponsorship and will also support projects that already have sponsors.
However we would like for our support to provide a significant contribution to the success of the project.
You commit to the following if you accept the support: confirm receipt of the support contribution.
implement the project according to the schedule or inform Netcetera Cultura about any changes.
prepare a financial statement after implementing the project and send it to Netcetera Cultura.
create project documentation and provide it to Netcetera Cultura.
if possible refer to the Netcetera Cultura support in a suitable manner and submit the plans for this to Netcetera Cultura for approval before publication.
allow Netcetera (and its group companies) to publish information about the support in any media at any time.
Formal requirements for your application:
Please note that we cannot process incomplete applications.
Application must be in English (preferred) or in German / Macedonian.
Description of project (approx.
2 pages).
Budget information.
List of all sources of funding and sponsors.
Project schedule.
Send your application to this e-mail address.
Projects with our support.
A selection.
Alle unsere Produkte.
Digital Assets in der Immobilienbranche.
Secure Token Offering als Alternative für private Investoren 04.
März 2020.
Digital Ownership Management Lösung «Distributed Ledger» Technologie als Kern 27.
Februar 2020.
Mit AI Störungen in Netzwerken lösen.
Unter den fünf Besten in der Flatland Challenge der SBB 09.
Januar 2020.
DirectPoll - Voting for events blended learning and 2nd screen services.
Real time voting check of training success.
DirectPoll is a tool for opinion polling entertainment marketing and decision support as well as a service for modern learning (blended learning / flipped classroom) all in one package.
DirectPoll is live and everywhere.
Polls can be organized spontaneously – during a presentation or a TV show for example – and conducted immediately.
DirectPoll is highly scalable and can therefore also be used as a second screen application for all kinds of live broadcasts.
Using their smartphones tablets or PCs participants give their feedback or vote via a link to the poll site.
The results are then presented live to the viewers or audience in the form of an animated diagram.
Polls can be created online.
Questions can be edited at any time even while a poll is running.
DirectPoll enables a high degree of interaction between the audience and the presenter.
DirectPoll - Quick and easy organization of polls interactive and available everywhere for opinion polling entertainment and decision support real-time web polls can be conducted during an event voting with smartphone operates without app (no installation necessary) polls can be updated at any time results are presented immediately for all to see highly-scalable cloud-based platform.
DirectPoll for modern learning (blended learning/flipped classroom).
Combining the advantages of classroom presence with the strengths of online learning.
Prof.
Miller conducts a test with his students.
He has prepared the questions upfront using the DirectPoll Cockpit.
Prior to the test students receive the voting link.
Using their tablets or PCs students can choose from one or more answers.
During the test Prof.
Miller shows the animated diagram with the current votes but without the answers.
After each question Prof.
Müller discusses the options and shows the correct answer.
DirectPoll as an introduction to a lecture.
Show the relevance of the subject and win over the audience.
Hans Baumann begins his lecture with a guesstimate.
He has prepared the questions and answers upfront using the DirectPoll Cockpit.
Using their own smartphones the audience participate in the poll via the voting link.
Hans Baumann makes the poll even more exciting by only showing the diagram with the received votes without any answers.
After a short time Hans Baumann shows the result of the poll and begins his lecture.
All attention is focused on him.
DirectPoll as entertainment.
Interacting with the audience with second screen applications.
Jenny is a presenter of a TV program for young viewers and enjoys interacting with her audience.
In each program she asks questions on current topics.
She prepares her questions using the DirectPoll Cockpit shortly before the program starts.
Using their smartphones the young viewers sitting in front of the screen at home give their feedback.
While Jenny is talking to a guest the results are shown on the TV in real time.
The young viewers comment on the answers via Twitter.
The tweets are shown on screen.
During the course of the interview further questions are raised which Jenny would like to pass on to her audience.
She can do this at any time using the Cockpit.
She presents the new questions to the viewers with a single click.
Test our service - it's free directpoll.com.
Disruption Manager -..and disruptions are dealt with quickly.
Wemlin Disruption Manager..and disruptions are dealt with quickly.
Wemlin Data HUB.
The Google compatible data conversion.
Wemlin POS.
Departure times at a glance.
Disruption Manager..and disruptions are dealt with quickly.
Wemlin Mobile Apps.
The mobile travel assistant.
Simple secure convenient: buy tickets with your smartphone.
Tablet Vendor.
Disruption Manager.
Our Disruption Manager supplies Websites Apps DFI displays and also PassengerTV with disruption messages.
They can be created from everywhere and then be shown eg as marquee on all DFI regardless of the format and make of the display hardware.
With its neat administration backend disruption messages are quickly created and edited in the admin backend and can go live in an instant.
The disruption manager uses the same backend as.
Wemlin HUB : both schedule and disruption data can be managed with one single login.
The disruption messages can be defined easily by lines stops and areas and they can be time-bound.
The areas can be defined as templates so they can be added with one click.
Emergency feature: automatically generated disruption messages with pre-defined settings for especially urgent informations.
Wemlin Disruption Manager Admin Interface.
Disruption Manager Station Groups.
DKB - Simplifying online credit card payment with biometrics.
DKB.
Simplifying online credit card payment with biometrics.
Deutsche Kreditbank AG (DKB) is one of the largest card issuers in Germany and serves business and private customers.
With over 4 million private customers DKB is the second largest direct bank.
Testimonial „Together with Netcetera we have further developed our banking app so that we can provide our customers with an optimized user experience through biometric authentication.
This feature is also consistent with our understanding of an advanced online direct bank and digitized processes“.
Mark Hauel, Head of Private Customers at DKB.
Activate credit cards in app and release payments easily quickly and securely.
For DKB we have modernized the 3-D Secure process and implemented the payment approval via biometrics.
We integrated the 3DS functions of the DKB Card-Secure App such as the registration and payment authorization for card payments into their bank app.
This eliminates the necessity to send an identity code by post to activate a card for payments.
The implemented security procedure complies with the PSD2 regulations.
USER-FRIENDLY 3DS PAYMENT approval using biometrics (fingerprint or Face-ID).
SECURITY PROCEDURE.
IN REAL TIME: allows cardholders to register directly with one click.
INCREASED TURNOVER FOR.
ONLINE SHOPS thanks to fewer interruptions during payment process.
STRONG AUTHENTICATION of user with second factor.
Project based on: 3-D Secure Issuer Service.
ePolice Mobile - In direct contact with the public.
Boost the efficiency of your inspection processes ePolice Mobile.
As a police organization you are committed to the protection and security of the population.
A population which is becoming increasingly more mobile and has around-the-clock access to information via contemporary communication channels such as the internet and smartphones.
By using these information channels you wish to present yourself as a contemporary service provider and also reach the public on the go.
Important police information available any time and anywhere via smartphone.
With ePolice Mobile the public is always informed of the latest police news ePolice Mobile reaches a broad audience for search appeals and crime prevention.
Thanks to ePolice Mobile you can inform the public affected of the current traffic situation and warn it about the threat of floods or a gathering storm in a quick and targeted manner ePolice Mobile supports you in recruiting new colleagues.
Your Benefits with ePolice Mobile.
Image improvement by using state-of-the-art communication channels.
Well-informed public and media thanks to up-to-date news.
Broad support in searches.
Fewer incidents: the public is quickly warned of gathering storms and the threat of floods.
Effective prevention by using additional communication channels.
Supports the recruitment of new colleagues.
Available for iPhone and Android ePolice-Mobile-de-brochure.pdf.
Size: 165 KB.
Swiss ePolice.
More accessibility for citizens.
Financial Technology - A 20-year success story.
A 20-year success story.
We offer substantial industry expertise in combination with superb technological competence.
We are especially proficient at maintaining the high standards of security compliance and stability required in the industry.
This industry is ready for innovative services used at the point of direct contact with customers.
Our omni-channel multi-device front end solutions feature an outstanding customer experience.
At the same time we are careful to reuse as many existing components as possible to the benefit of our customers.
Online shops worldwide.
Simple checkout with Masterpass.
Millions of POS terminals.
Paid with your mobile app.
Financial service providers and Netcetera: A 20 year success story.
We are very proud of the fact that a majority of Swiss banking institutions now offer our mobile banking services to their customers.
Talk to our expert for this industry:
Forward Publishing - Digital Publishing.
Today already for tomorrow.
Forward Publishing addresses the changes in digital newsrooms.
It enables publishing companies to have a smooth transition and transformation to an extensive digital content workflow with a set of highly approved integrated products.
Forward Publishing provides a solid yet continuously evolving foundation for a sustainable intelligent digital mobile-first subscription model.
Forward Publishing is a joint-venture of Livingdocs and Netcetera.
More about Forward Publishing.
health engine - Orchestrate your hospital’s processes.
CEO health engine.
Boost the efficiency of your inspection processes health engine.
With our «health engine» you manage all aspects of your hospital’s day-today operations from admission to electronic billing.
It combines all the medical and administrative processes and stakeholders into a unified information system and thus enables the orderly and optimized orchestration or your organization.
Almost all the stakeholders involved (personnel and institutions) in the healthcare industry are utilizing information and communications technologies.
The medical nursing and administrative data of a case are usually collected processed and filed in different systems using individual processes.
Differing applications formats and data media complicate the controlled and secure access to relevant data.
Laborious and error-prone processes are used in the exchange of data between stakeholders even within the same clinic.
With our «health engine» solution developed together with the company the i-engineers the stakeholders’ individual processes can be orchestrated into a comprehensive whole.
For the medical field this means that all relevant data are available in the desired formats at any time.
The administration can always obtain a current and comprehensive overview of services rendered.
This implements the electronic patient record according to the guidelines of IHE.
Connecting the processes and stakeholders.
Our «health engine» manages all aspects of the hospitals day-today operations from admission to electronic billing and thus enables the orderly optimized and focused organization – the orchestration.
«health engine» combines the medical and administrative areas into a unified information system.
It stabilizes the entire organizational structure with the use of information management structure and process management communication and system integration.
All processes in one single system.
Universal patient record.
Link-up of various formats to the patient record.
Automated workflows.
Ensure the quality of services.
Cost control and transparency.
Legal compliance.
Implementation.
In collaboration with your project team the expertise and experience of the i-engineers and Netcetera facilitates a swift identification of the processes within your hospital.
The processes are then visualized as needed in the «health engine» and the required interfaces determined (scanning ERP PACS Office etc.).
Allowance for reorganizations is built into the system and «health engine» processes them quickly and flexibly at any time.
broschuere-health-engine-EN.pdf.
Size: 583.8 KB.
Healthcare Ecosystem - Flexible and custom-fit.
Healthcare ecosystem flexible and custom-fit.
Netcetera and the i-engineers have built an ecosystem of interconnected solutions together.
We assemble your individual solution from this constantly growing range of standardized modules and we adapt them to changing conditions without great effort.
Digitalize your hospital processes with us and learn more about the advantages of the Healthcare Ecosystem.
With our «health engine» part of the Healthcare Ecosystem you manage all aspects of your hospital’s day-today operations from admission to electronic billing.
Learn more about our «health engine».
More info.
Healthcare - Digitization for the healthcare industry.
Digitization for the healthcare industry.
Our experience in the field of highly reliable secure IT solutions qualified us to take on the major challenge of the healthcare industry:  Electronic patient records.
Identify gaps in eHealth systems with our standard grid.
Highly specialized IT solutions.
We integrate detailed healthcare data in the areas of patient administration billing and medical history with the successful products of our partners.
In addition we serve as a partner in innovation to a number of important care providers and payers and help them along the way to a digital future.
Andreas and Hugo at Netcetera Headquarters in Zurich origin and control center of the Netcetera Group.
We are your experts for cutting edge software solutions and digitization in the payment transport banking healthcare media and insurance industries.
Digital payment solutions.
As the market leader in the DACH region for 3-D Secure we make sure that paying online and with mobile phones is safe and user friendly.
Are you an issuer bank merchant or payment service provider? We help you get ready for the future of digital payment as EMV 3DS and PSD2 experts.
Custom software.
You are looking for a simple solution to a complex challenge? As specialists for customized software we create the deciding difference for your business.
We advise compose design and develop where standard solutions are not sufficient.
Profit from our domain knowledge combined with technology expertise.
Cutting edge.
We are always at the forefront of digital development researching how emerging technologies can help create business value.
We can advise you on how to leverage Artificial Intelligence Augmented Reality Internet of Things and Blockchain technologies.
A great place to work.
Open and direct respectful and honest: We offer an inspiring environment.
And we are always looking for talents.
Join our team.
People matter.
Our trend-setting products and custom software help you to reach your digital business targets.
1996.
Founded and always at the forefront of digital evolution 600.
Experts create the deciding difference for your business success 2190.
Projects successfully driving your business.
Stories.
News trends and expertise.
IHE toolset - Identify gaps in eHealth systems with our standard grid.
The IHE toolset is a standard grid we developed to identify gaps in your systems infrastructure and interfaces.
It helps institutions in the eHealth sector to communicate effectively with the eHealth community as requirements arise.
Our tried-and-tested standard procedure has already been implemented successfully at a number of institutions.
In collaboration with.
Gesundheitszentrum Fricktal a health care centre we set up the referral processes using our IHE toolset.
At the same time we optimized the registration and reporting processes and identified the potential for standardizing and implementing internal and external referrals.
The requirements for implementation and the specifications of the necessary systems and system boundaries were also reviewed.
In doing so we established that it would be beneficial for GZF to set up an external platform for directional and non-directional communication.
A multiphase procedural plan including a time/cost estimate for implementation has been drawn up for GZF based on these findings.
In addition GZF received planning support for IHE standards services interfaces and infrastructure.
Klinik Hirslanden a hospital in Switzerland was looking for a suitable platform to connect doctors affiliated with the hospital.
The focus here was on developing a concept for electronic referrals and uploading documents and reports.
Effective integration into existing practices was also achieved together with an external partner.
Using the IHE toolset our analyses showed that the archiving system had to be checked for compatibility with IHE.
Process optimization was also required for sending reports and document classification.
The IT infrastructure of Kantonsspital Baselland a hospital in Switzerland is to be enhanced with a communication platform designed to meet the requirements of eHealth Suisse both now and in the future.
To that end we analyzed the existing conditions using our IHE toolset.
Based on our analyses we assessed various challenges with regard to adapting the infrastructure and reviewed them in order to develop a concept.
We drew up a time/cost estimate for the introduction of a new communication platform and recommended the implementation of additional system components.
We developed a care provider portal for.
Swisscom providing support with the integration of the portal into Health Connect's peripheral systems.
Health Connect is the top standard-compliant hub for various directional and non-directional communication processes within the healthcare sector.
Furthermore we took responsibility for the system-wide requirements engineering activities and the development sprint and capacity planning of the entire Health Connect platform.
Thanks to this project we are able to provide in-depth expertise on the functionality structure ongoing state of development and complexity of the Health Connect platform.
In collaboration with Swisscom we developed concepts for the University Hospital of Bern (Inselspital) and Liechtenstein National Hospital which are required for basic installation in order to implement the Health Connect platform.
The challenges of the Health Connect platform in conjunction with customer-specific implementation became apparent during this process.
Using our GAP analysis the hospital.
Stadtspital Waid was able to check IHE compatibility of its systems infrastructure and interfaces for directional and non-directional communication.
Our findings demonstrated the necessity of expanding the hospital's systems so that they may be integrated into the Health Connect platform of XAD.
Thanks to this analysis Stadtspital Waid is now in a position to adapt its systems to the IHE standard or Health Connect platform on a step-by-step basis prior to integration into XAD.
This will also have a positive impact on future budget planning as Stadtspital Waid is now able to adapt the systems concerned in good time according to requirements.
Page has moved.
INFOSEC - Your users are ready for a great experience.
INFOSEC.
Tailored security services that keep your business running.
INFOSEC delivers high-quality security services for every stage of your project lifecycle helping create robust systems that prevent asset exposure data theft and business losses.
A matter of trust 220+ banks use the Netcetera’s secure mobile solutions 30 m + cards are protected using our services across 2.000 banking institutions 80% of Swiss German and Austrian banks use our products.
Support at each step of your project.
Customised services depending on what you need.
Seamless collaboration with your development teams and project owners.
Full support throughout your project lifecycle.
Clearly defined security goals that your stakeholders agree on.
INFOSEC development services.
We work with you and your development team to determine the security needs that are in line with your business goals.
Security Architecture and Design.
Defining security controls that fit your architecture and meet your security requirements.
Assisting your development team with the low level design of the controls.
This service builds on our requirements engineering architecture and design capabilities.
On your request we help your developers implement the controls defined in the previous phase.
Training.
Robust training for your development teams towards meeting your security goals while also helping you build consensus between multiple project stakeholders.
INFOSEC verification services.
Code and Documentation Review.
Examining your implemented project for security compliance reporting on how well your teams have met the security goals dictated by your business and are applicable to the industry security standards.
Vulnerability Analysis.
Traversing your system laterally to identify potential vulnerabilities in each security layer.
This results in a comprehensive report assessing weak points and offering recommendations to strengthen your system.
Penetration Testing.
Subjecting your system to simulated attacks with the goal of identifying vulnerabilities that can lead to asset exposure.
Our report includes test execution details evidence and description of the vulnerabilities that led to asset exposure as well as recommendations to strengthen your system.
Want to know more?
Download INFOSEC brochure.pdf.
Size: 1603.8 KB …or reach out to our experts.
Pece Miloshev.
Head of Information Security +41 44 297 44 44.
Inspect AR - Boost the efficiency of your inspection processes.
Are you tired of inaccurate inspection results manual work and a lot of paper? Inspect AR is a digitized inspection process enhanced with.
Augmented Reality .
Our product empowers companies to work faster more productively with less errors and traceable results.
In addition companies save training as well as introduction time workers can be used in a flexible manner.
Available for Android phones and tablets Mixed Reality Glasses (HoloLens & Magic Leap) and industrial wearables (RealWear).
To find out more: augmentit.ch/inspectar.
Links.
Some links on this web pages lead to third-party web sites.
The latter are not under the influence of Netcetera.
Therefore Netcetera cannot be held responsible for the correctness completeness and legality as well as for the offers of such web sites.
Copyright.
The content of this web site is protected by copyright.
Information from this web site may only be downloaded or printed out for personal purposes giving complete details of the source.
Third parties are forbidden from reproducing or publishing items of information on this web site in whole or in part for public or commercial purposes without Netcetera's prior consent in writing.
Applicable Law.
The use of this web site shall be subject to Swiss Law.
The sole legal venue for all disputes arising out of or in connection with this web site shall be Zurich.
Locations - Close to the customer.
Close to the customers.
Our different locations around the world form a well-coordinated network of competence.
They guarantee the necessary proximity to you.
Find us here:
Germany.
Liechtenstein.
N.
Macedonia.
United Arab Emirates.
Singapore.
Zürich headquarters.
Zypressenstrasse 71 8040 Zurich.
T +41 31 740 75 70.
Winterthur.
Pionierstrasse 28 8400 Winterthur.
Berlin c/o Spielfeld Digital Hub.
Skalitzer Str.
85/86 10997 Berlin.
T +49 89 244 14 87 50.
T +43 720 569 700.
Firmenbuch Linz: FN 302032s.
UID: ATU63801826.
Geschäftsführer: Mag.
Kurt Schmid.
Bankverbindung: Raiffeisenlandesbank Oberösterreich AG.
BIC: RZOOAT2L IBAN: AT07 3400 0000 0275 1741.
Linz commercial register: FN 302032s.
VAT-ID: ATU63801826.
Managing Director: Kurt Schmid.
Bank account: Raiffeisenlandesbank Oberösterreich AG.
Hagenberg.
Softwarepark 37 4232 Hagenberg.
T +423 265 00 00.
T +389 2 3064 532.
Ohrid.
Partizanska 1-1/1 6000 Ohrid.
T +389 46 285 075.
Bitola ul.
Dobrivoe Radosavljevikj 10 7000 Bitola.
T +971 4 557 16 44.
Abu Dhabi.
Rhumb Line Network Information Technology Services L.L.C.
PO Box 5100937.
Office 2357 Sky Tower.
Reem Island Abu Dhabi.
T +971 2 406 94 28.
Netcetera c/o JustCo 5 Shenton Way.
Level 10-01 UIC building.
Singapore 068808.
Leadership team.
Mark Faris.
Chief Financial Officer +41 44 297 57 14.
Micaëla Raschle Grand.
Head of Marketing & Communications +41 44 297 58 81.
Michael Brantschen.
Managing Director Engineering & IT Operations +41 44 297 59 56.
Peter Kohler.
Chief Information Security Officer +41 44 297 59 03.
Information Security.
Martin Senn.
Chef Information Officer +41 44 297 57 29.
Martin Jäger.
Chief Compliance Officer +41 44 297 59 36.
Board of Directors.
Find here the short biographies of the members of the board of directors.
President of the Board of Directors +41 44 297 59 05.
Ronnie Brunner.
Member of the Board of Directors +41 44 297 59 79.
Thomas Flatt.
Member of the Board of Directors +41 44 297 59 08.
Hansruedi Vonder Mühll.
Member of the Board of Directors +41 44 297 59 02.
Technology and industry knowledge.
Michael in front of the Netcetera office in Munich from which we serve the German market.
Solution and business innovation.
The combination of technology and industry expertise enable us to innovate and leverage emerging technologies for your business success.
We are always at the forefront of digital development researching how emerging technologies can help create business value.
We can advise you on how to leverage Artificial Intelligence Augmented Reality Internet of Things or Blockchain technologies.
Choose your topic.
References and stories.
Media - Wir gestalten die Zukunft mit führenden Medienhäusern.
Wir gestalten die Zukunft mit führenden Medienhäusern.
Unser umfassendes Angebot für die Publishingbranche.
Die Herausforderung grosser Medienhäuser ist die Digitalisierung und die damit einhergehende Konvergenz.
Unsere integrierten Publishing-Lösungen erfüllen die stetig wachsenden Anforderungen grosser Medienhäuser an die Herstellung Distribution und Analyse der eigenen Produkte und Formate.
Mit unseren Lösungen reduzieren führende Medienhäuser die Komplexität und die Risiken von künftigen IT-Investitionen massgeblich.
Unser Angebot umfasst ein Set an Software-Komponenten für die Abwicklung des gesamten Publikationsprozesses - als kompletter Cloud-Service oder auch On-Premise.
Von der Inhaltserstellung bis zur regionalisierten oder individualisierten Ausspielung auf digitalen Endgeräten und Print unterstützen wir alle Anforderungen eines modernen Verlages oder einer Kommunikations-Agentur.
Moderne Plattformen für alle Endgeräte.
Als einer der grössten und wichtigsten Software-Anbieter haben wir für führende Verlagshäuser verschiedene Apps und die dazugehörige Ausspielungsplattform entwickelt.
So haben wir beispielsweise für die NZZ Mediengruppe die erfolgreiche NZZ News App für iOS und Android entwickelt.
Diese App ist mit.
React Native implementiert einer plattformübergreifenden mobilen Entwicklungstechnologie.
Alle Funktionen sind geräte- und kanalübergreifend verfügbar.
Zudem werden über dieselbe Plattform kosteneffizient die NZZ Regionalmedien «Luzerner Zeitung» und «St.
Galler Tagblatt» mit eigenen Apps – sogenannten «Tenants» - im App Store bedient.
Weitere Kunden sind Ringier mit der Blick Sport App und der Blick VR App.
Unsere Produkte in diesem Bereich.
Umfassendes Angebot aus einer Hand.
Neben der Softwareentwicklung unterstützen wir Medienhäuser mit Innovationen und entwickeln zukunftsträchtige Geschäftsmodelle.
Mit unserer Kompetenz können sich unsere Kunden nachhaltig von ihrer Konkurrenz abheben.
Dabei decken wir den gesamten IT-Lebenszyklus ab von der Strategie und Planung bis zur Umsetzung und Betrieb.
Die ausgewogene Kombination neuster Technologien und bewährter Standards die wir in unserem Technologie-Portfolio pflegen sorgt für Ihre Investitionssicherheit.
Sprechen Sie mit unseren Experten für diese Industrie:
Berliner Zeitung mit Schweizer Software.
Umstellung digitaler Prozesse und Technik in sechs Wochen 03-Dezember 2019.
Digitales Publishing.
Software-Komplettlösung für Verlagshäuser lanciert 13.
Juni 2019.
Partnerschaft mit Livingdocs.
Umfassende Verlagslösung lanciert 28.
November 2018.
Ausgezeichnet: NZZ App und ChecklistAR.
Best of Swiss Apps Award 2018 08.
November 2018.
News App für NZZ Regionalmedien.
Jetzt auch für «Luzerner Zeitung» und «St.
Galler Tagblatt» 22.
Mai 2018.
Neue App für NZZ.
Leseempfehlungen Merklisten & Infos des Tages 22.
November 2017.
Netcetera entwickelt Virtual Reality App.
Ringier lanciert neue BlickVR-App 19.
September 2016.
Blick-Sport-App.
Eine einzige App für viele Sportarten 15.
Juli 2015.
News und Medien.
Hier finden Sie Ihre nächste Story.
Suchen Sie nach den neusten Informationen zu Augmented Reality Conversational Interfaces Internet of Things digitales Bezahlen oder die Digitalisierung im Gesundheitswesen und anderen Branchen? Kontaktieren Sie uns wenn Sie das Wissen unserer Experten anzapfen möchten oder einen Interviewpartner suchen.
Interessante Geschichten und News publizieren wir auch über unsere Social Media Kanäle.
Folgen Sie und und bleiben Sie auf dem Laufenden:
Twitter.
Facebook.
LinkedIn.
Xing oder.
Instagram.
Medienkontakt.
Angelika Seiler.
Head of Content Marketing and PR +41 44 297 58 09.
News.
Medienmitteilungen Expertise Interviews und Geschichten.
Media - We shape the future with leading media houses.
We shape the future with leading media houses.
Our comprehensive offering for the publishing industry.
The challenge facing large media houses is digitization and the associated convergence.
Our integrated publishing solutions meet the constantly growing demands of large media houses for the production distribution and analysis of their own products and formats.
With our solutions leading media houses significantly reduce the complexity and risks of future IT investments.
Our offering includes a set of software components for handling the entire publication process – as a complete cloud service or on premise.
From content creation to regionalized or individualized delivery to digital devices and print we support all the requirements of a modern publishing house or communications agency.
Modern platforms for all end devices.
As one of the largest and most important software providers we have developed various apps and the corresponding delivery platform for leading publishing houses.
For example we developed the successful NZZ News App for iOS and Android for the NZZ Media Group.
This app is implemented with.
React Native a cross-platform mobile development technology.
All functions are available across devices and channels.
In addition the NZZ regional media Luzerner Zeitung and St.
Galler Tagblatt are served cost-efficiently via the same platform with their own Apps – so-called tenants – in the App Store.
Further customers are Ringier with the Blick Sport App and the Blick VR App.
Comprehensive range from a single source.
In addition to software development we support media houses with innovations and develop promising business models.
Our expertise enables our customers to set themselves apart from their competitors in the long term.
We cover the entire IT life cycle from strategy and planning to implementation and operation.
The balanced combination of the latest technologies and proven standards that we maintain in our technology portfolio ensures your investment security.
Talk to our experts for this industry:
Mobile Banking - On top of your finances at all times.
Make it easier for your customers to keep an overview of their assets and enable them to make payments and place stock exchange orders anywhere and at any time using their smartphones.
With Netcetera’s mobile banking bank customers can access their assets make payments place stock exchange orders or contact the bank using the integrated mailbox at any time.
Users can easily retrieve the location of the next ATM or branch and the correct emergency numbers for blocking cards in the public area of the app.
The mobile banking app is highly configurable both in its look and feel as well as in its functions.
It enables the bank to implement its own CI/CD and to independently update its own content such as news locations contact addresses emergency numbers etc.
in a very simple way.
This is what mobile banking can do:
Provide an overview of the assets through to account and custody accounts statements.
Enable payment orders using a smartphone.
Support finding and trading securities.
Enable direct communication with the bank via the secure mailbox.
Display bank locations (branches and ATMs) in the form of maps and lists.
Provide information on emergency numbers and other contact possibilities.
Provide an exchange rate calculator and display the current exchange rates.
Mobile-Banking.pdf.
Size: 363.6 KB.
Patrick Ehrensperger.
Associate Director Financial Technology +41 44 297 59 88.
Banking via App 17 January 2014.
Graubündner Kantonalbank goes mobile.
Finnova Mobile Banking App from Netcetera 08 July 2013.
Mobile - Any device anywhere.
Any device anywhere.
Entering the market as pioneers we are now one of the most experienced and comprehensive mobile developers.
As pioneers we entered the mobile development market in 2008 with the very first Swiss app Wemlin for the first iPhone.
Wemlin was ready for smart watches in time for the launch of the Apple Watch.
Today with several hundred apps deployed in the app stores we are one of the largest and most important players in the market.
Our software fits all end-products.
Usually an app has to be developed for different platforms (iOS Android etc.).
Besides an app consists not only of the app itself but needs a technical „contact“: the server.
In many projects this even is the main part of the development.
This means that various technologies are used for one product and the selection of the used technologies is a deciding factor for the success of an app.
With us you benefit from a 360 degree skill set for the world of mobile development – from finding ideas to strategy visual design and development down to the depths of the backend.
As full stack supplier we master all required technologies.
Our various apps for all industries show that we understand business processes and know how to reproduce them in the mobile world.
In the area mobile banking we are the largest supplier in Switzerland: almost all cantonal banks and other banks such as PostFinance and Migros Bank count on our comprehensive services.
Further current app examples:
NZZ News app with the most important news of the day and watch list.
Viseca One : secure and convenient online shopping.
Augmented Learning Experience App : The destination app activates the most beautiful sights and promotes summer tourism.
Spettacolo coffee ordering app : the customer orders and pays his coffee while still on the train and picks it up fresh and hot from the shop.
Cubic Warfare : Mixed Reality 3D action game for HoloLens.
Best of Swiss Apps lists the most important market participants of the Swiss app industry every year.
We are among the five most successful app suppliers.
Deservedly as there has not been a year without an award for one of our apps since its launch in 2013.
Awards for our outstanding apps 2008.
Wemlin our first App in iTunes store >200.
Apps in the stores.
Your wallet & brand.
Powered by our wallet-as-a-service.
ePolice Mobile.
Tickets Tablet Vendor .
Wemlin Tickets Tablet Vendor .
Not only apps – everything is mobile!
The app world is in a state of continuous change.
Every day new technologies for development and innovative game-changing devices enter the market.
Keeping the overview and staying up-to-date is difficult.
What benefits come from Augmented or Virtual Reality? What business models can you develop for your company? What about wearables and the mega trend Internet of Things?
We explore new technologies and their uses in different innovation initiatives and were already able to implement projects and pilots also together with customers.
For Augmented Reality you can count on the dedicated team from.
Augment IT that is always up-to-date with the latest developments and is able to work out the best solution together with you.
To know more read the stories about.
Conversational Interfaces and SkopjePulse an IoT project for the sustainable development of the city of Skopje and explore our microsite on Augemented Reality.
In addition we actively engage in the Swiss mobile association smama as member of the board and with organizing “Practicals”.
Online shopping simpler then ever.
Leading credit card processor PLUSCARD chooses us 12 December 2016.
Visit us at Money20/20 in Amsterdam - Meet your payment experts.
Your payment experts at Money20/20 Europe 2019.
Let's meet.
Sales & Business Development 15 April 2019.
Visit us at Money20/20 in Amsterdam 3 – 5 June 2019.
June 3 – 5 2019 booth K60.
Besuchen Sie uns an der Money20/20 in Amsterdam - Treffen Sie Ihre Payment-Experten.
Ihre Payment-Experten an der Money20/20 Europe 2019.
Treffen wir uns.
Mobile Banking 3-D Secure Acquiring Produkte 3-D Secure Issuer Service.
Sales & Business Development 15.
April 2019.
Besuchen Sie uns an der Money20/20 in Amsterdam 3.
bis 5.
Juni 2019.
Sie möchten mehr über unsere innovativen Bezahlprodukte erfahren? Besuchen Sie uns an der Money20/20 im RAI Amsterdam vom 3.
bis 5.
Juni 2019 Stand K60.
Wir freuen uns darauf Ihre Anforderungen an digitale Zahlungs- und Kartenlösungen zu besprechen.
Wir bieten innovative digitale Zahlungslösungen mit einem starken Fokus auf Komfort Sicherheit und mobile Nutzung.
Mehr als 1.000 Bankinstitute und Zahlungskartenherausgeber vertrauen auf unsere hochsicheren Produkte für 3-D Secure mobiles kontaktloses Bezahlen digitale Geldbörsen risikobasierte Authentifizierung digitale Bankanwendungen und mehr.
Wir betreiben 24/7 PCI-zertifizierte digitale Zahlungsdienste die alle wichtigen Kartennetzwerke abdecken und über 25 Millionen Karten bedienen.
Ihre Kontakte:
Linz Österreich.
Österreich > Adresse anzeigen.
Netcetera Auth - Digital user authentication.
Secure & easy.
User authentication for your digital business.
Secure & easy.
Netcetera Auth is the service at your fingertips for strong user authentication.
Netcetera Auth is secure easy-to-integrate reliable and fulfills a number of industry and regulatory standards so you don’t have to care about it.
To find out more visit:
Subscribe to Payment Newsletter.
Newsletters and mailings.
If you would like to receive news from Netcetera we need an e-mail address from you as well as information that allows us to verify that you are to the owner of the e-mail address provided and agree to receive the mailings.
We very sporadically send mailings with news about our products and services and invitations to conferences and courses mostly with discounted tickets or new Netcetera location openings.
You can revoke your consent to use of your data for sending the newsletter at any time for example via the Unsubscribe link in the newsletter.
We use.
Newsletter2Go as our newsletter tool.
We have signed an agreement with Newsletter2Go on data processing complying with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Your data will be transmitted to Newsletter2Go GmbH.
Newsletter2Go is prohibited from selling your data and using it for purposes other than sending newsletters.
Newsletter2Go is a certified German provider selected in accordance with the requirements of the GDPR and the Federal Data Protection Act.
Find further information here and note their privacy policy.
Omnium - Digital consultancy support for banking and insurance.
From preparing meetings to online statements Omnium sets new standards in digital consultancy support for banking and insurance consultants both online on customer portals and during consultations.
The various module features enable sustainable customer interaction across all channels.
Omnium modules cover all aspects of financial consultancy including pensions retirement plans home ownership investments and savings taxes and estate planning.
To the Omnium website.
Join our interactive webinar series on top payment topics - Join our interactive webinar series on top payment topics.
Payment News and Trends 20 years of payment expertise in 45 minutes.
Profit from our 20 years of expertise and insights on trending payment topics like PSD2 open banking standards the future of checkouts big data in payments tokenization or authentication and much more.
PSD2 SCA: What is new in 3DS 2.2 and how to implement a seamless experience in merchant apps 28 May 14:00 CET.
Webinar organized by Merchant Payment Ecosystem.
SIGN UP NOW.
Delegating Authentication to Merchants 10 June 09:00 CET.
This webinar is for PSP’s acquirers and merchants who want to learn about delegated authentication and requirements needed for its implementation.
Issuers will learn how to trust it.
How to give card and payment control to the consumer: Best practice for issuer apps & wallets 24 June 09:00 CET.
What's in it for me?
Get condensed and up-to-date information on a key payment and banking topic or a technical product introduction without the usual sales pitch.
Depending on the topic we may invite guest speakers.
Every two weeks we offer you the latest from the payment world with a keynote presentation voting and interactive Q&A.
With these 45-minute sessions hosted by one of our payment experts we are addressing decision makers managers and experts from card issuers banks payment service providers and merchants.
Why are we doing this webinar series? „We have seen that digital payments have become a complex topic with many facets.
The combination of digital payment standards new technologies and regulations with a good User Experience is challenging.
Sharing the practical implications and opportunities in a condensed and concise way is a key benefit for the listener.
We want to share our experiences from more than 2000 successful customer projects and bring value to the payment industry.“.
Kurt Schmid, Managing Director Digital Payments.
Recordings of past webinars.
We always record webinars and make them available on demand in case you missed a live session.
Covid-19 and the impact on the future of payments.
The Corona crisis has hit almost all industries and changed the priorities in the way we pay.
What is the short- mid- and long-term impact on the payment and banking industry? Where do we see changes for the worse where opportunities for a faster adaption and digitization in the finance industry? watch recording.
Network Tokenization for merchants and PSPs: Benefits and Opportunities.
Watch recording.
Are you itching to know more about a specific topic?
Let us know and we will take it up in one of the webinars!
CONTACT US.
Plaza Enterprise Search - The Intranet search engine that knows your organization.
Plaza Enterprise Search is an Intranet search engine that provides full-text search capabilities for various resources in an organization’s Intranet.
Full text search on the Internet is no longer a problem but most companies’ internal search engines are ineffective.
Today’s employees need search results that are relevant and useful so that they can work productively and share their knowledge with each other.
Plaza Enterprise Search integrates an organization’s structured data whereby the relevance of the search results can be defined.
Employees find what they are looking for and the delivered results are correct and relevant.
Search results that matter.
Full-text search capabilities.
Fast search performance and scalable architecture.
Search result filtering by metadata attributes.
Responsive design for laptops desktops tablets and smartphones.
Out-of-the-box integration of various data sources such as internal web sites and file system storage and third-party products such as Atlassian Confluence and JIRA.
API for the integration of other custom or third-party data sources (document management systems CRM ERP issue management systems email archives planning monitoring and reporting tools).
Based on widely used open source components including Apache Solr Tika and Spring.
Enrichment of objects in the search index with links to and metadata from your organization’s structured data sources.
Flexible definition of relevance based on concepts and attributes of your organization rather than just metadata of the objects in the index.
Customizable and extensible web-based user interface.
REST-based API for the search functionality for easy integration into other components.
PostFinance - E-banking app mobile contactless payment and 3-D Secure pro.
PostFinance.
E-banking app mobile contactless payment and 3-D Secure processes.
PostFinance is one of Switzerland’s leading financial institutions.
It is the reliable partner for more than 3 million private customers and business customers managing their own finances.
Testimonial „With the launch of this mobile personal financial assistant in 2010 together with Netcetera we positioned ourselves as an innovative financial institution.
The mobile banking features combined with two factor login and payment authentication secured with 3-D Secure procedures enable us to offer our customers a state-of-the-art banking app.“.
Christian Geiger, Head of Digital Banking & Product Management at PostFinance.
PostFinance relies on Netcetera for their mobile financial assistant.
The e-banking app provides a simple and convenient overview of finances secure payment up-to-date stock market information and other functions.
PostFinance was the first financial institution in Switzerland with an app with payment function.
The app was honored with Best of Swiss Apps and Best of Swiss Web awards.
The user can choose the mobile contactless payment option via NFC at the cash register directly in the existing e-banking app.
With the apps focus on accessibility it also enables blind users to make secure card payments.
Implementing 3-D Secure dynamic and strong authentication simplifies app login and the payment authorization process with biometric functions.
A password or separate card reader is not needed anymore.
USER FRIENDLY FINANCIAL ASSISTANT: mobile banking app with payment feature.
MOBILE CONTACTLESS PAYMENT on card terminals via NFC.
EASY AND FAST LOGIN via biometrics (fingerprint or face ID).
AWARD WINNING:
Best of Swiss Web and Best of Swiss App awards.
John Martin Guthörl.
Co-Head of Delivery Financial Technology +41 44 297 57 81.
Project is based on:
On top of your finances at all times 3-D Secure Issuer Service.
Enabling mobile payments with scheme tokenization.
Netcetera adheres to high standards of data protection of personal data collection and processing.
This Privacy Notice explains what information netcetera.com and its related services collect about its users and what we do with that information.
This Privacy Notice applies to the information that we obtain through your use of netcetera.com services via a device or when you otherwise interact with Netcetera.
In this notice when we talk about personal data we mean any information that relates to an identifiable natural person.
Please note that we may amend this Privacy Notice from time to time.
For the purpose of this Privacy Notice the controller of your personal data is:
T +41 44 297 55 55 info@netcetera.com https://www.netcetera.com.
Privacy Contact: privacy@netcetera.com netcetera.com related services include: ai-first.ch augmentit.ch auth.netcetera.com droppar.io directpoll.com und etc.ch mpi.netcetera.com events.netcetera.com and all *netcetera.com sites n-blocks.ae railvista.com risic.ae skopjepulse.mk.
What types of personal data do we collect?
Netcetera will depending on the product or service we provide to you collect and process personal data about you including:
Browsing Information : IP address is anonymized ie we cannot detect where you come from or associate your Netcetera web usage with any other data held by us.
Social Media Login : Login information for social media accounts that you connect to from Netcetera and related services websites (this may include your Facebook Twitter Xing Linkedin YouTube and Instagram accounts).
More information on social media.
Job applicant information:
Contact information such as name function address e-mail.
Newsletter/mailings : e-mail address and sometimes name.
More information on newsletters and mailings.
Please note that without this personal data we may not be in a position to provide you with our products and services.
Cookies.
Netcetera.com uses cookies to help identify and track visitors their usage of the Netcetera website and their website access preferences.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns.
Netcetera.com visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using the netcetera.com websites with the drawback that certain features of Netcetera’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Marketing automation.
The netcetera.com website and its related services use Pardot.
Pardot is a software as a service (SaaS) marketing automation platform by SalesForce offering email automation targeted email campaigns and lead management for B2B sales and marketing organizations.
Pardot automates common marketing tasks including: tracking customer behaviors creating digital marketing campaigns web form management website tracking social marketing landing page marketing creating reports to track performance lead generation personalization of landing page content for the current viewer.
Learn more about Pardot https://www.pardot.com/.
Pardot uses cookies to help the website analyze how users use the website.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Pardot for use of Netcetera.
Such information is usually transferred to a server of SalesForce in the U.S.
and stored there.
For the cases in which personal data is transferred to the U.S., SalesForce has submitted to the EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework and to the Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework.
Website analytics.
The netcetera.com website and its related services use Matomo.
Matomo is an open source software tool for web analysis.
Web analysis is the collection collection and evaluation of data on the behaviour of visitors to Internet sites.
Learn more about the web analytics tool Matomo.
Matomo uses cookies to help the website analyze how users use the site.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Netcetera.
If you do not want to be tracked check the box below.
What is the purpose and the legal grounds for processing your personal data?
We always process your personal data for a specific purpose and only process the personal data relevant to achieve that purpose.
We process your personal data based on the following legal grounds for: the performance of a contract to which you are a party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract, compliance with a legal and regulatory obligations to which we are subject; the purposes of our legitimate interests.
We process your personal data for the following purposes:
Managing our relationship with you including communicating with you in relation to our products and services (for example when you register for an event).
Providing and improving our products and services.
Meeting our legal and regulatory obligations.
Who do we share your personal data with?
Sometimes we share your personal data with third parties including other companies or offices of Netcetera in connection with our business strategy and where necessary for us to provide you with our products and services.
We also ask third party service providers to carry out certain business functions for us such as marketing service providers consultants and accountants and any prospective buyers of Netcetera and its related businesses.
We take steps to ensure they meet our confidentiality and data security standards so that your personal data remains secure.
We may disclose personal data to public authorities regulators or governmental bodies when required by law or regulation or if an authority or governmental body has issued an order requesting such personal data from us.
Before we provide the information we will inform you if the applicable law allows us to do so.
We store and process your personal data on servers located within Switzerland and the European Economic Area (the EEA ).
Normally we do not transfer your personal data outside of Switzerland and/or the EEA.
If special cases require a transfer of personal data outside of Switzerland and/or the EEA such as to our location in Macedonia we only do so where (i) you have given us your consent (ii) the country ensures an adequate level of protection for your personal data (iii) we have put appropriate safeguards in place to protect your personal data or (iv) the transfer is permitted by applicable laws.
If you would like to find out more about the appropriate safeguards that we have in place to govern the transfer of your personal data you can contact us at privacy@netcetera.com.
How long do we keep your personal data?
We only store personal data for as long as it is necessary to fulfil the purpose for which it was collected or to comply with legal or official requirements.
How do we keep your personal data secure?
We have in place appropriate technical and organisational measures to prevent unauthorised or unlawful access to the personal data you have provided to us.
As complete data security cannot be guaranteed for communication via e-mails instant messaging and similar means of communication we would recommend sending any particularly confidential information by an alternative secure means.
What are your privacy rights and how can you exercise them?
You have the right to: access your personal data and to be provided with certain information in relation to it such as the purpose for which it is processed the persons to whom it is disclosed and the period for which it will be stored; require us to correct any inaccuracies in your personal data without undue delay; require us to erase your personal data; require us to restrict processing of your personal data; receive the personal data which you have provided to us in a machine readable format.
Please note that these rights are not absolute and are subject to certain exemptions under applicable data protection law.
If you have any questions or would like to exercise any of your rights please contact: privacy@netcetera.com.
If you are not satisfied with Netcetera’s response you have the right to make a complaint to the data protection authority in the jurisdiction where you live or work or in the place where you believe an issue in relation to your data has arisen.
Smart business.
Thomas one of our payment experts in front of the Bayrische Landesbank in Munich.
Our products combine our in-depth business domain knowledge with our software engineering expertise.
Evolve your business with our product portfolio.
Sustainable and efficient.
Our products.
Your wallet & brand.
Powered by our wallet-as-a-service.
3-D Secure Acquiring Products.
Secure online commerce 3-D Secure Issuer Service.
Fraud detection system: Stop losing money.
Today.
ePolice Mobile.
Skills.
We offer all necessary skills that together lead to a successful implementation of a product.
More about our skills.
Products by markets.
Product related stories.
News and references.
RailVista - Turns your journey into an experience.
Netcetera’s RailVista app helps you to enrich your customers’ travel experiences and brings the beauty of their journeys to life.
Your customers are likely to always travel with their smartphone or tablet.
The RailVista app transforms mobile devices into an en route digital travel companion.
With RailVista you can offer your customers a personal travel guide that provides interesting and exciting reports exclusive insights and important travel information.
Visit our RailVista website.
A small sample from our 2190 successful customer projects - Our happy customers.
Success stories.
A small sample from our 2190 successful customer projects.
Mobile contactless payment supporting biometrics.
Borderless train scheduling with pan-European Path Coordination System.
RiSIC - Fraud detection system: Stop losing money.
Today.
RiSIC – Stop losing money.
Today.
Fraud detection system for health insurance companies.
RiSIC helps insurance providers reduce costs via real-time claims monitoring powered by a machine-learning engine that becomes more effective with every second it is in operation.
We offer RiSIC as a Software as a Service (Saas) with value-based pricing – meaning no license and maintenance costs.
Customers are only charged fees when we create benefits for them.
To the RiSIC website.
RailNetEurope - Train scheduling with pan-European Path Coordination System.
RailNetEurope.
RailNetEurope is a non-profit association whose aim is to enable fast and easy access to the European rail network.
It works towards increasing the efficiency and quality of international rail traffic and acts as a mediator between railway undertakers infrastructure managers and end clients.
Testimonial “With Netcetera’s strong technology experience and domain expertise we have been able to deliver on our mandate of facilitating easy access to rail networks in Europe.
Netcetera’s solution the new Path Coordination System and the Pathfinder that preceded it make planning more efficient and coordination easier in a rail system that includes multiple partners spanning countries and regulatory regimes.”.
Máté Bak.
Head of PCS at RNE.
Harmonizing timetables to reconcile cross-border train schedules.
Netcetera developed a solution that facilitates railway timetabling and scheduling across Europe’s borders involving multiple stakeholders and authorities.
The centralized Path Coordination System (PCS) helps 650 users across 30 European countries to coordinate rail transport scheduling.
It takes into account the diversity and social cultural and regulatory differences of the countries it serves.
PCS builds on a collaboration started in 2002 when Netcetera delivered the initial Pathfinder solution.
It refines the shared scheduling platform by introducing the Empty Envelope Concept.
The model addresses overlapping missing or doubled timetables and helps partners better reconcile stations times and time zones operating days and other parameters.
It ensures calendar consistency by avoiding overlapping days and creating more harmonisation at country borders.
FACILITATING.
EASY ACCESS to rail networks across Europe.
UNIVERSAL VIEW.
FOR 650 USERS in 30 countries to offer a better customer experience.
FLEXIBILITY AND EFFICIENCY in planning routes, infrastructure and timetables.
RECONCILIATION of stations times and different time zones, and operating days.
Are you facing similar issues? Contact our expert:
Scratch and Augmented Reality for Kids - Kidsday 2018.
Zürich 09 November 2018.
Scratch and Augmented Reality for Kids.
Kidsday 2018.
Also this year we participated in the national Kidsday which takes place once a year in Switzerland.
On this day children can visit their parents at work to get an insight into their jobs.
We offered a full-day program which two of our own apprentices organize every year.
In total 16 boys and girls aged 11-14 years took part.
In the morning the kids made their first steps in IT with using a programming software.
Scratch is a simple visual programming language especially designed for kids and teenagers.
During the day they also had the opportunity to learn more about.
Augmented Reality (AR) one of our morst important innovation topic.
The kids were keen on trying on the AR lenses and took a look on different AR projects.
After a joint meal in one our our lunch restaurants the kids got a tour trough our offices and then finished their first scratch projects.
Search Result German.
Suche.
Search Result.
Search.
Secure digital payment - At the forefront of development for all card schemes.
At the forefront of development for all card schemes.
As the market leader in 3-D Secure in the DACH region we offer innovative digital payment solutions with a strong focus on convenience security and mobile use.
Around two thirds of all Swiss credit card transactions are processed via our systems.
Our product and service portfolio comprises several specialist areas from a single source:
All wallet based digital payment options such as mobile contactless payment (HCE and tokenization) cloud payment and web checkout with Masterpass (partner hosted wallet) with our.
ToPay Digital Payment Hub.
Comprehensive 3-D Secure Portfolio for the individually configurable customer solution - for card issuers and acquiring.
PCI-certified hosting and operation of payment services.
Professional services for the support of our customers from solution design to implementation integration and migration projects individual development work.
Always cutting-edge.
As a partner of all common card schemes and EMVCo Technical Associate we ensure that our customers are always at the forefront.
For example our products already comply with the 3DS 2.0 standard with biometric functions such as fingerprint and PSD2 specifications.
We are constantly searching for new forward-looking solutions: Our customers benefit for example from our developments in the areas of voice recognition and machine learning SRC and open banking.
Sign up here.
Find our Secure Digital Payment brochure here 30 M cards are protected by us 2.5 M transactions run via our systems per month 2000.
Banks & issuers rely on our expertise.
Comprehensive offer for a dynamic market.
We actively accompany our customers on their way to the next generation of secure payment solutions.
Our clear claim: Everything from a single source .
In addition to performance and security another top priority is the user-friendliness of our solutions.
Payment in the web shop or via smartphone should be fast secure and easy.
Custom solutions.
Vithusiya at the SBB railway station in Bern one of our longtime customers.
We excel at providing custom solutions for large-scale projects.
Through thorough planning we ensure that the solution is perfectly suited to the business environment and forms a solid foundation for future needs.
We oversee the entire life cycle of your IT system: from strategy to software development and operation.
Further we take on project risks via fix price models or agree on individual financing models together with our customers.
We may also offer cost flexibility with our established nearshore development model.
A pioneer in digital transformation.
We successfully accompany our customers on their way to digitalization.
Whether it is with the timetable planning software for SBB the first mobile payment app the trouble management system ESISplus for ewz or the live voting tool DirectPoll.
Every solution is groundbreaking in its own way and paves the way into the digital future.
Curiosity that goes far beyond the IT department are hallmarks of our employees.
This makes it easy for them to be up to date genuinely understand clients’ needs and efficiently translate them into forward-looking useful applications.
Choose your industry or topic.
We offer all necessary skills that together lead to a successful implementation of a project or product.
Reference projects.
Entire IT service life-cycle.
Angelika in front of a LIEmobil stop one of our customers in Liechtenstein.
With our skills we cover the entire IT service life-cycle from strategy to implementation and operation.
In our technology portfolio we maintain a balanced combination of cutting-edging technology and proven standards to ensure your investment security.
With the increasing complexity and longevity of software systems flexible software architecture is becoming more and more important.
Our software engineers develop sustainable and flexible solutions together with architects and attention to detail is therefore essential.
If focusing on details however causes us to lose the bigger picture we cannot look towards new developments.
We support the engineers through our architecture and open-minded outlook and it is thanks to this teamwork that we are able to increase our knowledge and pass on our experience.
Our consulting competence is based on comprehensive experience in technologies and industries: as notable market actor we supply various industries with mature highly functional customer-friendly and secure solutions and products.
We accompany the realization of these solutions with professional consulting from strategy to implementation.
In addition we offer cross-sector content driven consulting independent of a project or product implementation.
We introduce our conceptual consulting expertise early in the value chain so that the entire industry can develop sustainably and successfully – to the benefit of every market actor.
Information security is an important cornerstone of virtually any software system.
We therefore address it in our projects from the very start in the sales and offering process during architectural design and software development up to hosting and operations.
Our information security specialists support the whole project life cycle by elaborating security concepts and performing threat and risk analysis.
In addition they support the projects with consulting reviews and security testing.
This ensures adequate and water-tight security for any project small to large.
More about our INFOSEC offering.
IT Operations Management.
Our IT Operations Management is an integral part of our software development.
We operate individual applications as well as complete operating infrastructures according to the highest security standards (amongst others PCI-DSS certified) in our data centers.
Our all-inclusive package includes consultancy planning implementation 24/7 operation with application support help desk and on call emergency service.
Our project managers are an integral part of our project teams and serve as the link between us and our clients.
Through our expertise in agile project management we ensure that the project or product benefits (earned value) envisioned by the client can be achieved within the time budget and resources agreed upon.
The project managers are responsible for the overall planning maintenance and risk management and also ensure optimum collaboration between employees branches and stakeholders.
Quality and testing.
The financial impact of risks represented by quality mishaps justifies focus on the management of acceptance expectations and early regular tracking of acceptance progress.
Detecting mismatched expectations from either party early on better allows for steering towards mutually agreed upon success.
Our Quality and Testing Office supports the management of delivery expectations and the monitoring of acceptance progress during a project's acceptance phases.
It also advises on company-wide quality-related best practices based on experience gained from project retrospectives.
For developing a successful software solution it is crucial that the requirements are clearly defined and that all involved parties build up a common understanding.
This enforces an intensive communication between all the stakeholders and the development team.
Requirements need to be consolidated and conflicts resolved.
Our team applies classical requirements engineering tasks like requirements elicitation documentation and management as well as leading the customer through the development phase using agile techniques like User Story Mapping and Backlog Management.
User experience is important to us so we closely work together with our UX and Frontend experts.
Technology portfolio.
We offer a broad and comprehensive technology portfolio that we can apply for our products and customer projects.
This is necessary so that we have the technology with the best fit for the various challenges we encounter in our projects readily available.
We actively manage our technology portfolio and aim to be always up-to-date and at the forefront.
However we also value sustainable and long-lasting technologies that are accepted by the industry worldwide and are based on open standards.
In addition we actively manage the decommissioning of old and outdated technology.
All applications no matter whether they are only intended for the customers of a company or for internal users should be easy to understand intuitive in use and above all provide a positive experience.
Our interaction design specialists ensure this with user centered design interactive prototypes user-friendliness tests visual models (mockups) usability testing and the development of pattern libraries (Style Guide-driven Development).
More about our User Experience Office..
Privacy policy social media.
Netcetera has integrated components (buttons icons videos) of the social networks Facebook LinkedIn Xing Twitter Instagram and YouTube.
The purpose of integrating the social media component is to draw visitors' attention to our other communication channels to make this website better known and to increase our visitor numbers.
If you access a page on netcetera.com with an integrated social networks component your internet browser automatically downloads a representation of the button from the corresponding social networks.
The social networks Facebook LinkedIn Xing Twitter Instagram and YouTube receive the information via this component that you have visited our website.
The social network will know which specific subpage of our website you are visiting and assign the information to your account.
Additional information on the individual social networks:
We have integrated a component of Facebook on our website netcetera.com.
Facebook is operated by Facebook Inc 1 Hacker Way Menlo Park CA 94025 USA.
Responsible for the processing of personal data if a personal data subject lives outside the USA or Canada is Facebook Ireland Ltd 4 Grand Canal Square Grand Canal Harbour Dublin 2 Ireland.
The data policy published by Facebook provides information about the collection processing and use of personal data by Facebook.
We have integrated a component of Instagram on our website netcetera.com.
Instagram's services are operated by Instagram LLC 1 Hacker Way Building 14 First Floor Menlo Park CA USA.
You can find Instagram's privacy policy here.
We have integrated a component of LinkedIn on our website netcetera.com.
LinkedIn is operated by LinkedIn Corporation 2029 Stierlin Court Mountain View CA 94043 USA.
Privacy matters outside the USA are the responsibility of LinkedIn Ireland Privacy Policy Issues Wilton Plaza Wilton Place Dublin 2 Ireland.
LinkedIn's current privacy policy is available at.
We have integrated a component of Twitter on our website netcetera.com.
Twitter is operated by Twitter Inc 1355 Market Street Suite 900 San Francisco CA 94103 USA.
Find the current data protection regulations of Twitter here.
Xing.
We have integrated a component of Xing on our website netcetera.com.
Xing is operated by XING SE Dammtorstraße 30 20354 Hamburg Germany.
The data protection regulations published by Xing provide information about the collection processing and use of personal data by Xing.
YouTube.
We have integrated a component of YouTube on our website netcetera.com.
YouTube is operated by YouTube LLC 901 Cherry Ave San Bruno CA 94066 USA.
YouTube LLC is a subsidiary of Google Inc 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy Mountain View CA 94043-1351 USA.
The privacy policy published by YouTube provides information about the collection processing and use of personal data by YouTube and Google.
Back to Privacy Policy.
SRC and Online Shopping - Workshop presentation and moderation by our experts.
Secure digital payment 3-D Secure Issuer Service 3-D Secure Acquiring Products 22 March 2019.
Workshop presentation and moderation by our experts.
Our experts were again present at the ProfitCard in Berlin.
The ProfitCard is a German conference that deals with current developments in the card business and with the topic of payment transactions in general.
The conference stands for first-hand insider knowledge of the latest trends in the areas of digitalization online payment mobile payment and secure customer identification.
We are always at the forefront of the latest trends.
That's why our payment experts got to share their pioneering knowledge with the conference participants.
Ronnie Brunner member of our Board of Directors conducted a workshop on.
EMV Secure Remote Commerce (SRC) on both days of the conference.
Roger Burkhardt Senior Product Manager in the Payment Security Division presented the topic Online shopping technology in the fast lane? He provided an interesting assessment from a 3DS perspective.
Michael Seifert Managing Director Netcetera GmbH in Germany moderated parts of the ProfitCard.
Workshop Slides from Ronnie Brunner.
Presentation of Roger Burkhardt.
Questions about Online Shopping?
Looking for Start-ups.
Evelyn in front of the PostFinance in Bern.
We are looking for promising start-ups to invest in.
We plan to make up to five investments per year.
Generally we invest up to 200.000 CHF in individual start-ups.
Together with partners or other investors we may invest above that amount.
Answer the following questions to see if your company qualifies for our consideration:
Is your company a start-up?
Is your product based on web or SW?
Do you already have the MVP and first (paying) customers?
Do you want to conquer the world with your solution?
Are you growing and in need of additional funds?
Are you looking for an investor who is going to be your partner and brings to the table not only financial resources but also hands-on entrepreneurial and management expertise?
Do you come from Switzerland Macedonia Austria Germany or UAE?
If you answered yes to the above questions we would like to hear from you.
Simply send us a short description of your start-up and its business model – preferably in the form of informative pitch deck with all the usual facts and figures.
Looking forward to hear about your start-up!
Start-up lecture by our Chief Investment Officer Darko Butin 29 June 2016.
Wemlin Tickets Tablet Vendor.
Ready Tablet Go!
The Tablet Vendor of Wemlin Tickets is a lean and tablet-based solution for ticket sales on public transport vehicles and small shops like kiosks.
Our tablet vendor brings you Wemlin Tickets to buy tickets via the bus drivers but also at kiosks and other small points of sale.
Once connected to a small printer it can be used everywhere.
That makes the Tablet Vendor ideal for smaller points of sales or ticket sales on vehicles where transactions have to be made easily and quickly.
Where still needed the vehicle driver or shop assistant can advise the customer about which ticket to buy.
The Tablet Vendor uses the backend of the Tickets App while the offered range of tickets can be defined by channel and is connected to an accounting system.
ToPay Cloud Payment - Mobiles Zahlen mit «Scheme Tokenization».
Mobiles Zahlen mit «Scheme Tokenization».
Onlinehandel weltweit.
Einfacher Checkout mit Masterpass.
Millionen von POS-Terminals.
Bezahlen über Ihre Mobile App.
Bessere Conversion & mehr Sicherheit im E-Commerce mit Scheme-Tokenisierung.
Mobiles Bezahlen mit Scheme Tokenization.
Mit unserem Modul «ToPay Cloud Payment» bereichern Banken und Issuer ihre Mobile Banking Apps und Wallets mit der Tap-to-Pay-Funktionalität.
Wir haben ToPay Cloud Payment entwickelt um den Wechsel in der Finanzbranche von traditionellen Zahlungskarten zu digitalen Zugangsdaten für mobile Geräte zu erleichtern.  Zahlungskartenherausgeber sind daran interessiert die Kundenschnittstelle auch für mobile kontaktlose Zahlungen in Bezug auf OEM Pays beizubehalten.
Dies erfordert eine schnelle sichere und zuverlässige Möglichkeit kontaktlose Zahlungen auf Basis von Kredit- und Debitkarten von Mastercard und VISA anzubieten.
Mit der ToPay Cloud Payment Lösung können Karten für den mobilen Zahlungsverkehr mit einem vorzertifizierten SDK und einem betreuten Backend digitalisiert werden.
Ihre Vorteile.
Ermöglichen Sie Ihren Kunden den Einstieg in den schnell wachsenden Bereich des mobilen Zahlungsverkehrs.
Unterstützung von Mastercard und VISA Standards wie MCBP 2.0 MDES VCBP 1.8 und VTS als TR-TSP.
Ein einfach zu integrierendes SDK ermöglicht es Ihnen Ihr Wallet schnell zu entwickeln oder es in eine Mobile-Banking-Applikation zu integrieren.
Betrieb im PCI-DSS zertifizierten redundanten Rechenzentrum.
Ein vorzertifiziertes SDK beschleunigt das Erreichen von Funktions- und Sicherheitszertifizierungen.
Höchste Sicherheit durch den Einsatz von White-Box-Kryptographie und Control-Flow-Verschleierung.
Flexible CHV-Optionen einschließlich der Unterstützung der Validierung von Karteninhabern auf dem Gerät mittels biometrischer Technologien.
Überwachungsfunktionalität für Kundensupport und Business Reporting.
Unsere Lösung.
Das ToPay Cloud Payment System besteht aus einer Android Library und einem Service der CMS-D- und MAP-Funktionalität mit MDES und VTS verbindet.
Ein einheitlicher Service-Layer ermöglicht das Hinzufügen weiterer Token-Dienste wie AMEX AETS oder Closed Loop Tokenization Services für lokale Lastschriftverfahren auf Anfrage.
Alle Anwendungsfälle werden unterstützt z.B.
Green-Path-Card-Aktivierung Geräte-Qualifikation Ergänzung Sperrung und Entsperrung der Karte durch Herausgeber oder Verbraucher etc.
Für die Entwicklungsphase ermöglichen Backend-Emulatoren die MDES und VTS simulieren sowie der mitgelieferte Quellcode eines Demo-MPAs einem erfahrenen Entwickler die Integration in nur wenigen Wochen.
Der Produktions-Backend-Service wird mit einer Verfügbarkeit von mehr als 99,7% in unserem PCI-DSS VbV und ISO-27001 konformen Rechenzentrum betrieben.
Topay-Cloud-Payment.pdf.
Grösse: 47,6 KB.
Mobil kontaktlos Bezahlen noch einfacher.
Mit Biometrie und Smartphone bezahlen 07.
Mai 2018.
Money20/20 4.-6.
Juni in Amsterdam.
Ihr Partner für digitales Bezahlen 02.
Mai 2018.
Viseca one App ausgezeichnet für «Highest Digital Quality» 29.
November 2019 Visa Ready zertifiziert.
ToPay Cloud Payment 19.
September 2019.
ToPay Cloud Payment - Enabling mobile payments with scheme tokenization.
Increase eCommerce conversion & security with scheme tokenization.
With our module “ToPay Cloud Payment” banks and issuers enrich their mobile banking apps and wallets with tap-to-pay functionality.
We developed ToPay Cloud Payment to facilitate the financial industry transition from traditional payment cards to digital credentials provisioned into mobile devices.  Payment card issuers are interested to keep the customer interface also for mobile contact-less payments in relation to OEM Pays.
This requires a quick safe and reliable way to offer contact-less payments based on credit and debit schemes from Mastercard and VISA.
With the ToPay Cloud Payment solution cards can be digitized for mobile payments using a pre-certified SDK and a serviced backend.
Your Benefits.
Enable your clients to enter the fast growing area of mobile payments.
Supporting Mastercard and VISA standards such as MCBP 2.0 MDES VCBP 1.8 and VTS as TR-TSP.
An easy to integrate SDK enables you to quickly develop your wallet or integrate it into a mobile banking app.
Operations in PCI-DSS certified redundant datacenter.
A pre-certified SDK helps to speed up reaching functional and security certifications.
Highest security ensured by the use of white-box cryptography and control-flow obfuscation.
Flexible CHV options including the support of on-device cardholder validation using biometric technologies.
Monitoring functionality for customer support and business reporting.
Our Solution.
The ToPay Cloud Payment system consists of an Android Library and a service connecting CMS-D and MAP functionality to MDES and VTS.
A unified service layer allows adding more token services such as AMEX AETS or closed loop tokenization services for local debit schemes on request.
All use cases are supported for example green-path card activation device eligibility replenishment suspending and unlocking card by issuer or consumer etc.
For the development phase back-end emulators that simulate MDES and VTS as well as the provided source code of a demo MPA allows an experienced developer to do the integration job in just a few weeks.
The production backend service is operated with an availability of more than 99,7% in our PCI-DSS VbV and ISO-27001 compliant datacenter.
Size: 47.6 KB.
Viseca one app honored for Highest Digital Quality 29 November 2019 “Visa Ready” certified.
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub - Your wallet & brand.
Powered by our wallet-as-a-service.
For today’s world of e-commerce and “mobile first” payment card issuers need to offer more than just plastic.
Digital payments are demanded everywhere: In web shops and in apps using the ubiquitous mobile phone tablet or desktop computer or when paying with mobile devices in stores or for person-to-person transfers.
Thanks to a deep integration with existing mobile apps and e-banking services you as banks and card issuers can offer user-centric and attractive digital payment products.
With cardholders always seeing your familiar and trusted brand higher user rates and brand value can be realized.
You participate in the transaction volume growth and reduce fraud risks.
ToPay from Netcetera is a suite of solutions to offer your cardholders more secure faster simpler and effortless digital payments.
Run in a wallet-as-a-service model you can quickly start offering eye-catching globally accepted issuer-branded wallets.
The ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub solutions:
ToPay Digital Payment Service in a nutshell.
Suitable for Mastercard Visa American Express cards and their tokenization services.
Worldwide acceptance through existing PSPs and contactless payment terminals.
Wallet-as-a-service: Hosted and operated by Netcetera allowing fast time-to-market while minimizing the issuer’s setup and operations costs.
Full PCI DSS compliance for wallet servers SDK hosting and operations.
Highly configurable for issuer or cardholder provisioned cards optional card vault loyalty features.
Extension points for converged wallets for omni-channel payments (Mastercard DSRP – Digital Secure Remote Payments).
A single provider for all consulting customization project implementation system integration security setup.
Operated in Switzerland guarantees for quality security and reliability.
Brochure Digital Payments.pdf.
Size: 2.3 MB.
Insights into digital payment from our experts 14 October 2019 “Visa Ready” certified.
Serving two interests at once: Security & scalability 23 May 2019.
Fast and secure mobile payment experience with ToPay 15 November 2018.
Mastercard Platinum Partner.
Digital payment solutions ToPay 23 August 2018.
Pictures of the opening party of our new office in Austria 21 June 2018.
ToPay eCom Token Connector - Contactless mobile payment supporting biometrics.
Increase eCommerce conversion and security for card-based transactions with scheme tokenization.
Network tokenization through the schemes connects merchants with issuing banks.
This results in various advantages compared to PSP proprietary tokens.
Instead of storing sensitive card data like card numbers (PANs) in their Card-on-File (CoF) systems PSPs can store scheme tokens and significantly reduce liability.
Scheme tokens are processed with EMV transaction cryptograms which increases the security of payment transactions to a level similar to the security of a card-present transaction.
In addition this increases approval rates based on risk decisions.
Why ToPay eCom Token Connector?
DRIVE INCREASED APPROVAL RATES: the use of scheme tokens results in better risk scores at issuers.
EASY IMPLEMENTATION OF APIs: one interface to connect to multiple schemes with unified flows.
LESS MAINTENANCE EFFORTS: the ToPay eCom Token Connector is offered as a service and hosted in Netcetera’s data center.
GUARANTEED COMPLIANCE WITH PCI-DSS standards and scheme regulations.
CONTINUOUS ENHANCEMENTS of product functionalities.
AUTOMATIC IMPLEMENTATION of mandatory updates of schemes.
FASTER TIME TO MARKET: scheme-agnostic and already integrated with scheme token services (MDES VTS* AETS*).
CONTRIBUTING TO BETTER CONVERSION RATES: token updates due to life-cycle notifications are done automatically.
ToPay eCom Token Connector as a service.
Technical platform to connect checkout systems with multiple scheme token services, xtendable for future payment technologies.
The complexity of tokenization is hidden under the hood of Netcetera’s ToPay eCom Token Connector.
APIs for all merchant use cases : request token enrollment get card details and card art transact receive notifications and handle lifecycle events.
APIs for PSPs to manage merchants : create or delete merchant reporting manage Token Requestor IDs (TRIDs).
Operated as a service by Netcetera within its data centers fulfilling.
PCI DSS standards and on Tier 3+ level.
Highly available scalable hosting infrastructure with SLA-guaranteed uptime and 24/7 service and support.
Certified by *Scheme integrations are in progress.
Would you like to learn more?
Download ToPay eCom Token Connector Brochure.pdf.
Size: 99.3 KB.
Did this spark your interest? Contact our expert:
ToPay Mobile Wallet - Millionen von POS-Terminals.
Bezahlen über Ihre Mobile App.
Die meisten Privatkunden benützen täglich das Mobiltelefon.
Stellen Sie sicher dass Ihre Kredit- und Debitkarten-Produkte deren Erwartungen entsprechen.
Global geht der Trend in Richtung digitaler Zahlungsverkehr und mobiles Bezahlen wird in immer mehr Märkten verfügbar sodass sich die Verbraucher von heute bezüglich der von ihren Banken und Kartenherausgebern angebotenen Zahlungsoptionen und Dienstleistungen neu orientieren.
Kartenherausgeber die mobiles Bezahlen im stationären Handel anbieten werten ihr Image auf vor allem bei jungen Kunden.
Schnellere Transaktionen durch kontaktlose NFC-Zahlungen und mehr Sicherheit dank biometrischen Authentifizierungsmethoden für mobile Geräte (Fingerabdruck Selfie) werden sich auch in höheren Transaktionsvolumina und grösserer Kundenzufriedenheit niederschlagen.
Mobile Wallet mit HCE von Netcetera ist die Wallet-as-a-service-Lösung mit der Sie Ihre bestehende mobile Banking- oder Kreditkarten-App durch eine einfache und sichere digitale Bezahlfunktion erweitern können die mobiles Bezahlen an der Ladenkasse erlaubt.
Die Herausforderung: Zukunftssicher investieren Bedienkomfort anbieten und das Kundenvertrauen gewinnen.
Noch immer haben Verbraucher Sicherheitsbedenken was neue digitale Zahlungslösungen betritt und auf diese Sorgen müssen Banken und Kartenherausgeber eingehen.
Während neue Zahlungslösungen um Marktanteile kämpfen Interchange Fees gedeckelt werden und viele Bereiche digitalisiert werden müssen stehen die Kartenherausgeber vor der Herausforderung dass ihre neuen Mobile Apps tatsächlich von so vielen Kunden wie möglich genutzt werden dass sie auf zukunftssichere Technologien setzen und so fortlaufend attraktive Kartenprodukte anbieten können.
Die Lösung: Eine schnelle und sichere Integration kontaktloser Bezahlmöglichkeiten in Ihrer Mobile App.
Unser Mobile Wallet mit HCE ermöglicht Tap-to-pay mit mobilen Geräten auf der Grundlage führender internationaler Kartenakzeptanznetzwerke.
Die Integration in Ihre bestehende App – mit der die Karteninhaber bereits den Kontostand abfragen und Überweisungen prüfen – gibt den Kunden das notwendige Vertrauen um die neuen Bezahlfunktionen auszuprobieren und die Ladenkasse noch schneller zu verlassen ohne dass sie ihren Ledergeldbeutel  zücken müssen.
Eine erstklassige Mobile App mit vielen Funktionen hebt Ihre Marke und Ihre Dienstleistungen von anderen ab.
Dank der Authentifizierung durch Ihre bestehende App können Kunden einfach die gewünschten Karten für mobiles Zahlen auswählen.
Sie tippen nur noch auf die Karte in der Liste und akzeptieren die Geschäftsbedingungen.
Jeder mobile Zahlungsvorgang wird damit zu einem Touchpoint mit IHRER App und Marke anstatt dass wie bei anderen digitalen Bezahldiensten nur der Name des Akzeptanznetzwerks erscheint.
Das Bezahldienst-SDK (Software Development Kit) umfasst die Kartendigitalisierung Sicherheit Kryptografie Karten-Management und NFC-Funktionen vorzertifiziert und bereit für die Integration in Ihre App.
Ein von Netcetera gehosteter und betriebener Wallet-Server managt alle Prozesse sowie die Verbindungen zu den Akzeptanznetzwerken und sorgt dafür dass das Gerät jederzeit sicher und zahlungsbereit ist.
Mobile Wallet mit HCE auf einen Blick.
Erhältlich für Mastercard- Visa- und American-Express-Debit- und Kreditkarten mit Tokenization.
Tap-to-pay mit mobilen Geräten kompatibel mit Kontaktlos-Bezahlterminals weltweit.
Nutzt HCE (Host Card Emulation) verfügbar ab Android 4.4.
Konzipiert als Wallet-as-a-service mit minimalem Integrationsaufwand für Kartenherausgeber.
Erweiterbar mit Zusatzfunktionen (Treueprogramme Service-Angebote).
Optional verfügbarer Wallet-Server für die Installation vor Ort.
SDK (Software Development Kit) inbegriffen optional auch eine White-Label-Bezahlungs-App.
Erweiterungsmöglichkeit für converged Wallets bei Mehrkanal-Zahlungen (Mastercard DSRP – Digital Secure Remote Payments).
Volle PCI-DSS-Konformität SDK und Apps mit White-Box-Kryptographie.
Betriebsstandort Schweiz garantiert Qualität Sicherheit und Zuverlässigkeit.
Mobile Wallet mit HCE ist Teil der.
Digital Payment Services für Kreditkartenherausgeber.
ToPay-Mobile-Wallet-Platform.pdf.
Grösse: 55,5 KB.
Treffen Sie Ihre Payment-Experten 15.
April 2019.
Digitales Bezahlen und 3-D Secure.
Vortrag unseres Experten Martin Mendel 15.
Dezember 2017.
Neues aus der Payment-Industrie.
Einsichten unserer Experten zur Zukunft des Bezahlens 20.
November 2017.
Unser digitales Wallet.
Referat und Interview unseres Digital-Payment-Experten 06.
Oktober 2017.
ToPay Mobile Wallet - Millions of POS terminals.
Paid with your mobile app.
As consumers go “mobile first” make sure your credit and debit card products match their expectations.
With a global push towards digital payments and mobile payments coming to more and more markets today’s consumers rethink their payment options and services from their banks and payment card issuers.
Card issuers offering in-store payments with mobile devices will see their image improved especially with younger customers.
Making transactions faster through contactless NFC payments and more secure by using the convenient biometric authentication methods on mobile devices (eg fingerprint selfie) you can also count on increased transaction volume and higher customer satisfaction.
HCE from Netcetera is the wallet-as-a-service solution to enhance your existing mobile banking or credit card management app with a secure and simple way to digitize payment cards and pay in stores with the mobile device.
The challenge: how to invest future-proof offer convenience and gain your cardholders’ trust.
Consumers still have security concerns for new digital payment solutions that need to be considered by banks and card issuers.
With many new payment solutions competing for market share capped interchange fees and multiple areas needing “digitization” card issuers have the challenge to make sure that new mobile apps really are used by as many consumers as possible use future-proof technologies and thereby ensure the continued attractiveness of their card products.
The solution: A fast and secure integration of in-store contactless payments in your mobile app.
Our mobile wallet with HCE enables tap-to-pay for mobile devices based on the leading international card payment schemes.
The integration into your existing app – where your cardholders already check their account balance and transactions – will give them the confidence to try out the new payment features and enjoy faster checkouts without taking out their leather wallet.
A feature-rich great mobile app will differentiate your brand and services.
Thanks to the authentication by your existing app enabling the cards for mobile payments is as simple as picking a card from the list and accepting the terms & conditions.
Every mobile payment is turned into a touchpoint with YOUR app and brand instead of just presenting the scheme brand as in other digital payment channels.
The payment SDK (software development kit) comes with all card digitization security cryptography card management and NFC features pre-certified and ready to be embedded into your app.
A wallet server hosted and operated by Netcetera manages all processes the connectivity to the payment networks and ensures that the device is continuously secure and ready to pay.
Mobile wallet HCE in a nutshell.
Available for Mastercard Visa and American Express debit and credit cards using tokenization.
Tap-to-pay with mobile devices compatible with contactless payment terminals worldwide.
Uses HCE (host card emulation) available since Android 4.4.
Designed as wallet-as-a-service to minimize integration efforts by issuer.
Extensible for value-added-services (loyalty programs service offers).
Wallet server available optionally for installation on premise.
SDK included optionally also with a white label payment app.
Extension points for converged wallets for omni-channel payments (Mastercard Digital Secure Remote Payments).
Fully PCI DSS compliant operations SDK and apps using white box cryptography.
Operated in Switzerland guarantees quality security and reliability.
Mobile wallet with HCE is part of the Digital Payment Services for Credit Card Issuers.
Size: 55.5 KB.
Presentation by our expert Martin Mendel 15 December 2017.
Our experts‘ insights about the future of payment 20 November 2017.
Our digital payment wallet.
Presentation and article by Netcetera expert 06 October 2017.
ToPay Secure Checkout - Onlinehandel weltweit.
Einfacher Checkout mit Masterpass.
Kunden lieben Online-Shopping und mit einem digitalen Wallet wird Ihre Kreditkarte zur einfachsten verfügbaren Checkout-Lösung.
Nach wie vor wächst der Onlinehandel im zweistelligen Bereich und immer mehr Menschen shoppen über mobile Geräte auf denen die Dateneingabe aufwendig und fehleranfällig ist.
Um am Umsatzwachstum zu partizipieren sollten Sie Ihre Kartenprodukte unbedingt so erweitern dass der Online-Checkout für Kunden einfacher wird.
Wenn Ihre Kunden beim Checkout keine Daten eingeben müssen und auf benutzerfreundliche Sicherheitsfunktionen vertrauen können dann schlagen am Ende des Tages tiefere Abbruchraten mehr Transaktionen und zufriedenere Karteninhaber zu Buche.
Das Betrugsrisiko für Herausgeber wird dadurch verringert dass beim Händler keine Kartendaten gespeichert werden müssen und das Wallet eine starke Authentifizierung der Karteninhaber verlangt welche die e-Banking-Authentifizierung nutzen kann.
Das Web Wallet von Netcetera ist ein Masterpass-kompatibles digitales Wallet das die einfache und sichere Kreditkartenbezahlung mit dem Markennamen der Bank oder des Herausgebers und der Authentifizierung des Karteninhabers erlaubt.
Das Web Wallet lässt sich zudem nahtlos in 3-D Secure Services integrieren.
Die Herausforderung: Komfortable Online-Bezahlvorgänge denen Shopper vertrauen und die Händler lieben.
Verbraucher machen sich Sorgen wegen des Betrugsrisikos bei Online-Transaktionen und oft fällt ihnen die Entscheidung schwer – sollen Sie bei einem Händler ein Nutzerkonto zwecks einfacherem Checkout erstellen oder sich mit dem Aufwand abfinden bei jedem Einkauf ihre Zahlungsdaten und Lieferadresse einzugeben.
Auch zögern viele Kunden (zu Recht) ihre Kreditkartendaten bei weniger bekannten und fragwürdigen Onlinehändlern anzugeben da diese hier missbraucht oder gestohlen werden könnten.
Kartenherausgeber müssen Betrugsrisiken verringern den Karteninhabern Vertrauen und Sicherheit bieten sodass jeder Online-Einkauf zu einem positiven Touchpoint mit ihrer Marke wird.
Die Lösung: Einfacherer und schnellerer Online-Checkout mit Masterpass dem von Partnern gehosteten digitalen Wallet.
Unsere Lösung macht das Online-Shopping sicher und einfach da die Bezahl- und Lieferangaben an einem einzigen sicheren Ort gespeichert sind.
Dank Issuer-Branding des Wallets und hohem Bedienkomfort gewinnen die Karteninhaber Vertrauen und nutzen das digitale Wallet überall da für ihr Checkout wo der Masterpass-Button angezeigt wird.
Kartenherausgeber können die Kartendaten und sogar die Lieferadresse der Karteninhaber im Voraus bereitstellen und so ein sicheres digitales Wallet anbieten das ohne weiteres Dazutun des Karteninhabers einsatzbereit ist.
Beim Online-Einkauf wählen die Käufer die Zahlungsoption Masterpass authentifizieren sich mit dem Verfahren des Herausgebers und bestätigen einfach ihren Checkout.
Es können auch mehrere Karten und Adressen gespeichert und beim Checkout ausgewählt werden.
Herausgeber und Karteninhaber erhöhen die Sicherheit gleichermassen da die Käufer ihre Daten nicht mehr bei vielen einzelnen Online-Händlern hinterlegen müssen.
Zudem sehen Ihre Karteninhaber den vollen Empfängernamen auf deren Konto nicht nur Überweisungen an Drittanbieter.
Das Web Wallet basiert auf den Bezahlstandards von Mastercard was dem Wallet weltweite Akzeptanz verleiht und hält sich an die strengen Sicherheitsregeln der Kreditkartenindustrie.
Das Web Wallet auf einen Blick.
Digitales Bezahlen an jedem Ort mit jedem Gerät mit jeder Kreditkarte (Mastercard Visa American Express und andere).
Von Millionen Online-Händlern weltweit akzeptiert von allen grossen Zahlungsdienstleistern unterstützt.
Mastercard-Masterpass-v6-konformes partner-hosted Wallet.
Benutzervorgang kann in bestehende e-Banking-Dienste integriert werden; Nutzung von Programmierschnittstellen zur Datenintegration.
Optimiert für die Bereitstellung von Karten durch den Herausgeber oder als offenes Wallet dem der Kunde Karten von Drittanbietern hinzufügen kann.
Interaktive und mehrsprachige Website mit Herausgeber-Branding für die Kartenbezahlung und Adressen- und Kartenverwaltung.
Vollständig PCI-DSS-konformer Betrieb in den Datenzentren von Netcetera oder optionale Installation vor Ort.
Das Web Wallet ist Teil der.
ToPay-Secure-Checkout.pdf.
Grösse: 50,6 KB.
Conversational Interfaces and Augmented Reality 23.
Oktober 2017.
ToPay Secure Checkout - Online shops worldwide.
Simple checkout with Masterpass.
Consumers love online shopping and with a digital wallet your credit cards will be their simplest way to checkout.
Growth rates for e-commerce remain double-digit and ever more people shop on mobile devices where data entry is cumbersome and error prone.
Enabling your credit cards for a simpler online checkout experience is essential to participate in the volume growth.
Removing the need for data entry during checkout and cardholder-friendly security features mean less cart abandonment more transactions and happier cardholders.
Fraud risk for the issuer is reduced by eliminating the need to store card data at the merchant and by the wallet’s strong cardholder authentication that can reuse the e-banking authentication.
The Web Wallet from Netcetera is a Masterpass compatible digital wallet that makes credit card payments simple and secure using the bank’s or issuer’s branding and cardholder authentication methods.
It also seamlessly integrates with the 3-D Secure services.
The challenge: convenient e-commerce payments that earn the shoppers trust and merchants like.
Consumers are concerned about the fraud risk of web transactions and are torn between registering with a merchant for simpler checkout and the hassle of entering their payment data and shipping address for every purchase.
Consumers also hesitate (rightfully) to give card details to less known and less trusted online stores where it can be misused or stolen.
Card issuers need to reduce fraud risks give cardholders confidence and peace of mind turning e-commerce into positive touchpoints with their brand.
The solution: Simpler and faster e-commerce checkout with the Masterpass partner-hosted digital wallet.
Our solution makes online shopping safe and easy by storing the payment and shipping information in one secure place.
With the issuer branding of the wallet and its user-friendliness the cardholder will gain trust and start using the digital wallet to checkout wherever he sees the Masterpass checkout option.
Card issuers can pre-fill the credit card data and even their cardholder’s shipping address to provide a ready-to-go secure digital wallet without any further cardholder action.
When shopping online a buyer selects the Masterpass payment option authenticates using the issuer’s method and simply confirms the checkout.
Multiple cards and addresses can be stored and individually selected during checkout.
Issuers and cardholders alike achieve better security since buyers do not save their data with many individual online merchants.
Your cardholder also see full recipient names in their account not just transfers to 3rd party payment services.
Our wallet is based on Mastercard’s payment standards giving it worldwide acceptance and abides by the strict security rules of the credit card industry.
Web Wallet in a nutshell.
Digital payments anywhere with any device with any payment card (Mastercard Visa American Express and others).
Accepted at millions of e-commerce merchants worldwide supported by all major PSPs.
Mastercard Masterpass v6 compliant partner-hosted wallet.
User experience can be integrated with existing e‑banking services; using APIs for data integration.
Optimized for provisioning of cards by issuer or as open wallet allowing 3rd party cards added by user.
Responsive issuer branded and multilingual web interface to pay and to manage cards & addresses.
Fully PCI DSS compliant operations at Netcetera data centers; or optional installation on premise.
Web Wallet is part of the Digital Payment Services for Credit Card Issuers.
Size: 50.6 KB.
Transport - We accompany transport companies to a digital future.
Accompanying transport companies to a digital future.
Transportation.
Smart mobility is the order of the day.
We have the expertise to effectively combine technical skills with experience to create the solutions of the future.
Our engineers are experts in data management for real time and scheduled information solutions.
We also combine innovative payment and ticketing approaches with the latest mobile technologies.
Our Wemlin product portfolio assists transport companies on the road to a digital future.
Wemlin enables integrated solutions for the success of our international customers as they enter the digital age.
UX matters - Are your users ready for a great experience?
Are your users ready for a great experience?
UX matters.
Good user experience (UX) is an essential component of quality software and differentiates a product.
Focus on User Experience ensures that a software is desirable which increases customer loyalty.
Improving the overall usability of the system leads to more productive users and less training and support.
Prioritizing the functionalities that are really important for the user saves development time.
We have an in-house team (the so called User Experience Office ) of experienced UX Architects Visual Designers and Front-end Engineers in several locations.
Netcetera's User Experience Office.
Full-service in-house design agency.
UX experts.
Scrum team members.
On-site.
UX Workshops.
Near-shore.
UX Design and Engineering.
Our toolbox.
Following the User-Centered Design methodology we make sure that the user is at the centre of all activites.
Our services range from ideation to development including.
User Research.
Design Sprints.
Story Mapping.
Usability Testing.
Visual Design and implementation of.
Design Systems.
We are customizing our process depending on the project needs by using any tools or methodologies that are available.
User-Centered Design.
Methodology.
User-centered design is an iterative design process in which designers focus on the users and their needs in each phase of the design process.
Ideation.
Workshop.
Generate new ideas using methods like Falling leaves or 6-3-5 .
Design Sprint.
Answer critical business questions through design prototyping and testing ideas with customers.
Customer Journey Mapping.
Visually illustrate customers’ processes needs & perceptions throughout their interaction and relationship with your organization to find pain points .
User Story Mapping.
Workshop.
Talk about a user's journey through your product building a simple model that tells your user's story as you do.
Method.
The prototype is an important step in the development of most websites/apps.
A prototype is an interactive simulation of the site/app that users can test during a series of testing sessions.
Usability testing refers to evaluating a product or service by testing it with representative users.
Visual Design.
Visual design is the use of imagery color shapes typography and form to enhance usability and appeal in the overall user experience.
Front-end Development.
Front-end web development also known as client-side development is the practice of producing HTML CSS and JavaScript for a web site or web application.
Want to know more? Contact our Head of User Experience.
Viseca - Contactless mobile payment supporting biometrics.
More than a million cardholders trust Viseca: Viseca Card Services SA is one of Switzerland's largest issuers of credit and prepaid cards from Mastercard® and Visa the leading global brands.
Viseca Card Services SA is a business division of the Aduno Group.
Testimonial „Together with Netcetera we successfully launched an NFC cloud based mobile payment solution for our partner banks and card customers.
The solution is offered as a function in our card app one and is also widely used.
The cooperation with Netcetera has always been very professional and efficient.“.
Tobias Wirth, Head Digital Business.
One of the first independent solutions for contactless mobile payment in Switzerland.
The solution offers card issuers the opportunity to supplement their own apps with a globally standardized and certified mobile payment module.
Thanks to the support of biometrics their customers pay easily quickly and securely with their smartphones.
The solution is based on Netcetera's.
CONTACTLESS DIRECT.
MOBILE PAYMENT on card terminals via NFC with token.
USER FRIENDLY ACTIVATION of cards via direct provisioning with a maximum of two clicks.
SECURE AND FAST authentication according to regulations via biometric identification.
SEAMLESS INTEGRATION in the already existing.
Viseca One App.
FULLY CERTIFIED with Visa and Mastercard.
Implementation is based on:
Webinar.
Webinars.
Profit from our firsthand industry knowledge.
Everything you always wanted to know about the latest developments in 3-D Secure and tokenization.
Profit from our firsthand industry knowledge and attend our webinars.
Next webinars.
Increase conversion with merchant tokenization.
Date: 16 October 2019.
Time: 10 – 11 a.m.
CEST.
Costs: for free.
Subscription information will follow soon.
Your contact for this webinar.
Andreas Halbmayr.
Senior Product Manager Digital Payments +43 720 569 745.
Webinar Archive.
How to increase frictionless online payments with 3-D Secure and Merchant Whitelisting.
In our webinar of 12 June 2019 you learn how to benefit most from Merchant Whitelisting within your 3DS solution according to the PSD2 RTS defined SCA exemption.
Watch video recording.
Wemlin Data HUB - The Google compatible data conversion.
Schedule and Real time data are key to the travellers and transportation companies invest a lot in such data.
Passenger take having highly accurate data available more and more for granted and it is no longer enough to have just printed timetables or departure displays.
Digital channels require data that is compatible with the formats of SBB Google or open data.
In Switzerland the system of choice is Wemlin HUB with its web interface fast conversion engine and extensive web front end.
Conversion of timetable data.
Wemlin Hub processes various data formats including HAFAS and GTFS as well as VDV453 VDV454 GTFS RT and GTFS service alerts.
Web-based data processing.
All data can be further processed and enriched online based on your needs.
This includes renaming and merging stops as well as excluding certain stops lines or individual connections.
Wemlin Hub supports the display of line colors and the visual presentation of various types of lines such as trams trains boats and cable cars.
Within Switzerland the stops can also be adjusted based on the BAV (Swiss Federal Office for Transport) list.
The admin interface is role- and rights-based and can be adapted to the customer's requirements in detail.
Data output.
The data processed online can then be published in various formats.
This includes GTFS RSS and output via a REST API supplying a wide range of channels.
Wemlin HUB thus is the basis for all data used in the Wemlin Product Family:
Wemlin POS and the DFI displays of our customers as well as the latest addition.
Wemlin Tickets and the Tablet Vendor get their core data from Wemlin Hub too.
Wemlin Mobile Apps - The mobile travel assistant.
The Wemlin Mobile smartphone application transmits public transport departure times directly to your customers’ mobile telephone.
This means that your passengers have a comprehensive idea of the current traffic situation even on the go.
Wemlin Mobile: finds the closest stops based on the passenger’s current location displays upcoming departure times at a stop in a concise manner provides information on changing and connections along the route in a pearl chain view graphically displays network plans.
The benefits of Wemlin Mobile.
Easy intuitive operation using only one hand - just the thing when you are on the go.
Display of the next departure times with one tap of the finger.
Timetable saved locally on the smartphone - Wemlin Mobile is also works without an internet connection.
Automatic timetable updates without reinstalling the application.
Tried and tested in Switzerland’s largest transport network.
With more than 250,000 downloads one of the most successful mobile applications in Switzerland.
Free Wemlin Mobile applications for passengers.
Download:
App for Windows Phone.
Wemlin POS - Departure times at a glance.
Wemlin POS not only displays the next departure times at stops and in waiting areas but also directly at any point of interest.
Wemlin POS thereby creates an additional benefit for customers and employees of shops restaurants and other businesses close to stops.
The benefits of Wemlin POS.
Passenger information any place any size: at stops in waiting areas shops restaurants and other businesses.
Passengers can create personal departure displays - no more printing and posting of schedules.
The web browser-based solution does not require any special hardware and software.
Once installed and activated the display runs without maintenance.
Free Wemlin POS applications for all.
Wemlin POS offers many useful options to configure the displays and the displays automatically adjust to all typical screen sizes.
With Wemlin POS the administrators can configure and adjust displays within seconds eg to: freely choose the number of departures shown display with or without header footer one or two columns publish in up to four languages optionally show the platforms (or just the stop) line colours vehicle type animated service alerts and special indication of real-time data filter depending on direction line or carrier.
Wemlin Tickets - Simple secure convenient: buy tickets with your smartphone.
Wemlin Tickets.
Not enough petty cash no ticket vending machine nearby and there's aleady a queue..
buying tickets at machines or booths is bothersome.
Looking at the diffusion of smartphones Switzerland is in a top position worldwide.
Nevertheless it is difficult for Swiss public transport customers to find an app that allows them to get network tickets quickly and worry-free.
Our solution is Wemlin Tickets: With just two clicks travelers can buy their tickets securely and in no time at all.
A ticket in two clicks simple and fast: select the ticket and buy it.
Intuitive neat reliable.
the multi-ride-card on the app: all advantages of the multi-ride-card and more! Sharing it? Just send a card to your sister a friend or your grandma! With secure the multi-ride-card the cards are even more secure than their paper versions.
If the phone is lost or changed any card with open rides is easily restored.
SwissPass half-fare card: registered the half-fare card in the App and the plastic card can stay in your purse :-).
Optimally supported: favorites preferences automatic location take-me-home function price calculations and language selection.
Extra safe with parental lock option: password required before purchase.
Of course Wemlin Tickets supports all established payment methods: all standard credit cards direct debit PayPal debit and customer cards plus billing via mobile phone provider – details need be entered only once.
Wemling Tickets abides to highest security standards: credit card details are not stored on the smartphone.
The app is available for iOS and Android.
The Wemlin Tickets benefits.
Attractive product: Wemlin Tickets is used by many transport systems and networks and offers an attractive licensing model.
New sales channel: Wemlin Tickets can be customized with your company name and design independent of third party ticketing offers and is available in app stores.
Secure and efficient: sophisticated graphical elements keep the ticket secure against copying and make monitoring easier.
Quick to market: the product is configured quickly and reliably and can be launched on the market in just 10 weeks.
Simple administration: administration of the stops fares and zone data can be carried out in the back end.
Insightful statistics: usage figures for payment methods can be easily generated in the clear back end.
Promobox - a B2B loyalty program.
The Promobox is a B2B feature for partners of the transportation network such as hotels cinemas or private businesses.
Any network ticket can be the basis for a promotion and the partners can also add products or services to it.
There is a lot of flexibility for the duration or validity of the promotion as well as for the type and quantity of the promotional codes.
The promotions are distributed by the partners physically and/or digitally.
With the Promobox it is for example possible: for a private business with different locations to offer free rides between the locations for employees and visitors.
to buy the cinema ticket and the ride to get there at the same time.
to distribute public transfer vouchers to hotel guests: when the guests get their tickets digitally and in advance the can already use it for getting to the destination (and not only after checking in).
for a city council or event organizer to issue public transport tickets for certain events.
brochure_wemlin_tickets.pdf.
Size: 2.6 MB.
Wemlin - Passenger information and ticketing without boundaries.
Wemlin is Digital Mobility.
Commuting to work or taking trips -  we have again become more mobile in the last decade and need reliable yet flexible solutions for our travels with the public transport system.
The passengers want smart apps and expect to always be informed very accurately.
Anytime everywhere and quickly.
With the Wemlin Product Family we accompany the people travelling by public transport from passenger information to ticket purchase.
Wemlin - Information and Tickets for Public Transport.
Wemlin HUB and POS brings public transport information – easy fast and independent of time and place.
Wemlin Mobile gets you the latest timetable information on the entire network on your smartphone.
Wemlin for.
Tickets secure quick and easy to use.
Wemlin Tickets .
Tablet Vendor : tabletbased and lean for smaller points of sale.
Disruption Manager informs about disruptions to the transport network.
Experience digitalization live 02 March 2016.
Wemlin's time to shine .
App for Apple Watch 27 April 2015.
Child's play .
Corona crisis and the future of paying 19 May 2020..
