Netcetera's Wemlin now also available for Baselland Transport (BLT) - Smartphone app for Basel's public transport
Andrej Vckovski, Chief Executive Officer
" title="Popover on bottom">
- Protection against credit card abuse during online payments 
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub
- Your wallet & brand. Powered by our wallet-as-a-service. 
- On top of your finances at all times 
- Digital user authentication. Secure & easy. 
- Passenger information and ticketing without boundaries 
- Digital Publishing. Today already, for tomorrow. 
- Fraud detection system: Stop losing money. Today. 
- Voting for events, blended learning and 2nd screen services 
- Boost the efficiency of your inspection processes 
MORE ABOUT OUR INDUSTRIES AND TOPICS
We are the specialist for software products and custom solutions - from strategy to operations.
 Member of the Board of Directors
Our employees enjoy the fact that they can count on every member of our community. We are proud of our many loyal employees.
As a leading Swiss software company, we support our customers worldwide with trend-setting products and custom software.
Netcetera's Wemlin now also available for Baselland Transport (BLT)
New BLT Smartphone App for Basel's Public Transport with real-time Information
 The new BLT app "Abfahrten" provides the departure times of all public transport vehicles in the tariff authority network for Switzerland\'s northwest region (Tarifverbund Nordwestschweiz) directly on mobile devices. 
The app is easy to use and provides true added value for passengers. Especially at stops that are not equipped with digital passenger information screens, the app gives passengers helpful information on upcoming departures. Owners of iPhones and Android smartphones can download the BLT app immediately at no cost.
app fills a gap: other public transport apps are essentially travel planning tools for door-to-door trip information, but the BLT app is a real travel tool for use on the move. It allows users to see upcoming departure times for any stop in the tariff authority network for Switzerland's northwest region. Real-time information is shown for BLT, Autobus Liestal and PostAuto busses; information for other vehicles is based on schedule data. The intention is to extend this real-time information to all public transport in the tariff network.
The app also has other useful functions. For example, the "Locate Me" function shows all the bus stops in the vicinity of the user's current location. The app, which is based on the popular Wemlin app from Swiss software specialist Netcetera, can be downloaded from the iPhone
BLT are also launching their new website in parallel with the new app. About six years after the last relaunch, BLT have totally revamped their website and created room for categories, more images and news. The main objective is significantly enhanced ease of use. The new BLT website is also available in a mobile version.
 Solving disruptions in networks with AI 
 Among five best in Flatland Challenge by SBB 
 Trans-European rail scheduling 
 Path Coordination System for RailNetEurope 
 Insight delivers insights and outlook 
 Dialogue platform for customers with customers 
 Cross-border ticket with TNW Tickets App 
 Boundless mobility thanks to Wemlin tickets 
 Rail production technology partner 
 In-house public transport ticketing 
 Eco-friendly travel from headquarters to remote locations 
 Wemlin Universal Windows App 
 The app now runs on all devices with Windows 10 
 Free rides with cinema ticket & BLT App 
 Wemlin Tickets Promotions-Toolbox loyalty program 
 Voice-controlled timetable search 
 Google Assistant news from Google I/O 
 Full-house at our AR workshop 
 Creating value with Augmented Reality 
 Toward natural conversation with devices 
 Behind-the-scenes look 
 Successful test for maintenance of trains 
 "Mixed reality" at Museum of Transport 
 Hololens breathes new life into ship 
 Our projects scooped the prizes at Best of Swiss App Award 
 Digital trip through Transport Museum 
 Our CEO Andrej Vckovski testing Media World app 
 LiveGuide: Digital traveling companion of the Zentralbahn 
 First railway company using RailVista 
 App automatically calculates supplementary zones 