Netcetera helps Abu Dhabi promote good Health - Online Health Portal Weqaya
Andrej Vckovski, Chief Executive Officer
" title="Popover on bottom">
- Protection against credit card abuse during online payments 
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub
- Your wallet & brand. Powered by our wallet-as-a-service. 
- On top of your finances at all times 
- Digital user authentication. Secure & easy. 
- Passenger information and ticketing without boundaries 
- Digital Publishing. Today already, for tomorrow. 
- Fraud detection system: Stop losing money. Today. 
- Voting for events, blended learning and 2nd screen services 
- Boost the efficiency of your inspection processes 
MORE ABOUT OUR INDUSTRIES AND TOPICS
We are the specialist for software products and custom solutions - from strategy to operations.
 Member of the Board of Directors
Our employees enjoy the fact that they can count on every member of our community. We are proud of our many loyal employees.
As a leading Swiss software company, we support our customers worldwide with trend-setting products and custom software.
Netcetera helps Abu Dhabi promote good Health
Online Health Portal Weqaya helps prevent Disease
Netcetera’s branch in the United Arab Emirates has developed a software solution, automating health data exchange on behalf of the Health Authority of Abu Dhabi (HAAD). It supports the Authority’s Weqaya health program also with an online portal that allows observing, regulating and improving the health of the population. Thanks to the capturing of individual health data of Abu Dhabi’s Emirati population, individual risk analyses can be generated and potential behavioral measures can be communicated directly to the program participants. This amounts to an enormous expansion of the scope of prevention for non-communicable diseases in the United Arab Emirates, in particular cardiovascular diseases and diabetes. It aims to save massive cost for the healthcare sector and sustainably improve the population’s health.
Everywhere in the world the cost of treating cardiovascular diseases and other non-communicable diseases, such as diabetes, is rising at an alarming rate. Although risk factors are well known – e.g. poor diet, lack of exercise, and smoking – good intentions often get lost in the shuffle of daily life, with more and more people suffering the consequences. The United Arab Emirates are among those most severely affected, since their population has a high rate of diabetes and overweight, according to its
To improve the health of the population and mitigate high future economic cost, the Health Authority of Abu Dhabi launched the
Weqaya (Arabic for ”protection”)
program as part of its prevention strategy. Already over 94 percent of the Emiratis’ personal health data was captured by October 2011.
Netcetera designed and developed the key component for this program: software that captures the individual health data of the Emirati population in a database and subjects it to a risk analysis. This enables early detection of existing or incipient diseases of the program participants and ensures earlier intervention within the scope of the prevention strategy. The individual results of the analysis are digitally communicated to the participants in personal health reports, by Web or mobile devices. When the individuals log in to their online accounts, they are also given suggestions for reducing their personal risk of contracting a disease as well as options for addressing the risks with the specialized healthcare providers. The information and advice focus on diet, physical activity and nicotine consumption and supports behavioral change towards a healthy lifestyle.
Along with extremely high security standards, the Netcetera software not only automates the exchange of the population’s health data but also the data exchange with healthcare providers. It even captures data from personal health monitoring devices and is open for third party application providers. Those can e.g. introduce new ways of information analysis and presentation. Following the Emirate’s established data standards, Netcetera’s software fits seamlessly into Abu Dhabi’s healthcare ecosystem, makes the comprehensive data available for future Disease Management Programs regulated by the Health Authority of Abu Dhabi, and clears the way to individually tailor intervention programs to sustainably improve the population’s health.
 Knowledge Engine for Health 
 Support for Abu Dhabi Health Authority 
 Order entry in University Hospital Basel 
 Comprehensive digital platform optimizes processes 
 Healthcare Ecosystem 
 Success factors for more efficiency in clinical processes 
 Launching Healthcare Ecosystem 
 Digitizing hospital processes together with the i-engineers 
 Artificial Intelligence partner at WTIC 
 Are machines interested in learning the insurance business? 
 Unlocking the power of blockchain @GITEX 
 Strengthening our network in the Middle East 
 Combating healthcare insurance fraud 
 Presentation & article by Kiril Milev 
 Future Trends ICT: Augmented Reality 
 Expertenvortrag am Event von IAMCP 
 Machine Learning for health insurances 
 Risk classification to detect waste, abuse and fraud 
 We are reinforcing our team Middle East 
 New Director of Sales and Business Development in Dubai 
 Full transparency in the operating room 
 Article about VR/AR possibilities and definitions 
 Why blockchain disrupts all industries 
 Elena Karafiloski presents use cases in health & education 
 Hirslanden: electronic document exchange 
 docbox health engine solution connects clinics & physicians 
 Augmented Reality for marketing 
 Devices, possibilities and new business models 
 How Blockchain changes healthcare 
 Presentation by our expert Elena Karafiloski 
 Quick and secure access to all data 
 Information system for the University Hospital Basel 
 System-wide patient dossier 
 Markus Dietrich presents solution for university hospital 