Netcetera and Baselland Transport launch ticket app for smartphones - Get your mobile ticket for BLT in two clicks
Andrej Vckovski, Chief Executive Officer
" title="Popover on bottom">
- Protection against credit card abuse during online payments 
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub
- Your wallet & brand. Powered by our wallet-as-a-service. 
- On top of your finances at all times 
- Digital user authentication. Secure & easy. 
- Passenger information and ticketing without boundaries 
- Digital Publishing. Today already, for tomorrow. 
- Fraud detection system: Stop losing money. Today. 
- Voting for events, blended learning and 2nd screen services 
- Boost the efficiency of your inspection processes 
MORE ABOUT OUR INDUSTRIES AND TOPICS
We are the specialist for software products and custom solutions - from strategy to operations.
 Member of the Board of Directors
Our employees enjoy the fact that they can count on every member of our community. We are proud of our many loyal employees.
As a leading Swiss software company, we support our customers worldwide with trend-setting products and custom software.
Netcetera and Baselland Transport launch ticket app for smartphones
Mobile tickets in just two clicks
 "Tickets" from Baselland Transport (BLT) is the first smartphone app aligned to the specific needs of Swiss public transport networks. Its simplicity and intuitive operation make access to public transport easier and enhance customer convenience. The mobile ticket solution is part of Netcetera\'s Wemlin public transport information system and was developed in cooperation with BLT and user experience specialist Nothing Interactive. 
Over 70% of Swiss residents have a smartphone, which puts Switzerland in the top position worldwide. Despite this, there are hardly any apps for Swiss public transport customers that make it easy to buy network tickets. Scandinavia demonstrates how it can be done. There, mobile ticketing is common practice. In the Copenhagen region alone, over one million tickets per month are sold by smartphone.
The "Tickets" app enables customers to purchase individual tickets and day passes for Switzerland’s northwestern tariff authority network (Tarifverbund Nordwestschweiz) quickly, easily and reliably. Just two clicks to the desired ticket is the aim.
The design of the app has intentionally been kept simple to make access easy, especially for passengers who are not computer whizzes. The well organized, clear app design supports intuitive navigation. All processes are automated as much as possible, including localization, price calculation and language selection (German, French or English).
Presently, credit cards (MasterCard or Visa) and the Swiss Post bank card (PostFinance) are accepted for payment. The card is acquired immediately and one-time-only with the first ticket purchase. To ensure a high level of security, credit card data is not stored on the smartphone.
The "ticket preference" function allows users to define their desired profile (full fare, half fare, first class, second class). Optional features include sending a receipt to a user-defined e-mail address and activation of a password for purchase confirmation (for child safety).
The functional scope of the app has intentionally been limited to a core set to ensure clarity and simplicity. The highest priority right now is the market and customer acceptance, setting the pace for the further development of the product.
The future focus also includes additional means of payment. The aim here is to enable customers who do not have a credit card or PostFinance card to use the app.
The app is available for iOS and Android and can be downloaded from the Apple App Store or Google Play.
The app was conceptualized by BLT and is part of the Wemlin public transport information system from the Swiss software company Netcetera. For "Tickets", Netcetera acted as prime contractor and was responsible for the technical implementation in collaboration with user experience specialist Nothing Interactive, responsible for the visual appearance and the interaction design.
The well organized, clear design of the app supports intuitive navigation. All processes are automated as much as possible, including localization, price calculation and language selection. For "Tickets", Netcetera acted as prime contractor and was responsible for the technical implementation in collaboration with user experience specialist Nothing Interactive.
For iPhone: Download "Tickets" here
For Android smartphones: Download "Tickets" here
 Android Developer Challenge 
 The birth of public transport app Wemlin 
 Wemlin now available for Windows Phone 8 
 Netcetera Public Transport App on all major mobile Platforms 
 Wemlin now available for BLT 
', " Smartphone app for Basel's public transport", ' 
 Wemlin now also available for Android 
 New App for Public Transport in St. Gallen and Vicinity 
 Travel Information for Liechtenstein 
 Wemlin POS makes Bus Travel even more convenient 
 Solving disruptions in networks with AI 
 Among five best in Flatland Challenge by SBB 
 Trans-European rail scheduling 
 Path Coordination System for RailNetEurope 
 Insight delivers insights and outlook 
 Dialogue platform for customers with customers 
 Cross-border ticket with TNW Tickets App 
 Boundless mobility thanks to Wemlin tickets 
 Rail production technology partner 
 In-house public transport ticketing 
 Eco-friendly travel from headquarters to remote locations 
 Wemlin Universal Windows App 
 The app now runs on all devices with Windows 10 
 Free rides with cinema ticket & BLT App 
 Wemlin Tickets Promotions-Toolbox loyalty program 
 Voice-controlled timetable search 
 Google Assistant news from Google I/O 
 Full-house at our AR workshop 
 Creating value with Augmented Reality 
 Toward natural conversation with devices 
 Behind-the-scenes look 
 Successful test for maintenance of trains 