Start for SwissWallet, the digital payment solution of the Swiss credit card industry - Digital payment solution of the Swiss credit card industry
Andrej Vckovski, Chief Executive Officer
" title="Popover on bottom">
- Protection against credit card abuse during online payments 
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub
- Your wallet & brand. Powered by our wallet-as-a-service. 
- On top of your finances at all times 
- Digital user authentication. Secure & easy. 
- Passenger information and ticketing without boundaries 
- Digital Publishing. Today already, for tomorrow. 
- Fraud detection system: Stop losing money. Today. 
- Voting for events, blended learning and 2nd screen services 
- Boost the efficiency of your inspection processes 
MORE ABOUT OUR INDUSTRIES AND TOPICS
We are the specialist for software products and custom solutions - from strategy to operations.
 Member of the Board of Directors
Our employees enjoy the fact that they can count on every member of our community. We are proud of our many loyal employees.
As a leading Swiss software company, we support our customers worldwide with trend-setting products and custom software.
 ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub 
 3-D Secure Acquiring Products 
 3-D Secure Issuer Service 
Start for SwissWallet, the digital payment solution of the Swiss credit card industry
Media release by Swiss One Wallet AG
The companies Aduno Group, Netcetera and Swisscard founded a joint venture for the development and operation of digital payment solutions. From mid-November,
in cooperation with MasterPass, the digital payment solution from MasterCard, can be used in online shops. The solution runs device-independent on all tablets and smartphones. The SwissWallet is operated by issuers under their own name. The platform works in the background and can be used by other payment card companies. The services are being extended continuously, the launch of mobile payment, contactless payment with mobile phones in brick and mortar businesses, is planned for the second half of 2016.
To the media release by Swiss One Wallet AG (German only)
 Triple Security for online Shopping 
 Visa, MasterCard and American Express rely on us 
 UnionPay certification for 3DS products 
 Major improvement for e-commerce payments worldwide 
 Strong boost for cashless payments 
 Corona crisis and the future of paying 
 3-D Secure 2.2 brings important progress 
 Easier, more convenient and safer payment in e-commerce 
 20 years of payment expertise in 45 min 
 Join our interactive webinar series on top payment topics 
 EMV 3DS 2.2.0 certified 
 More approved transactions with Netcetera 3DS Server & SDK 
 New office in Singapore 
 Netcetera takes another step towards global expansion 
 Payment trend scouting 
 Where does the journey in digital payment take us? 
 Digital Assets in real estate 
 Secure token offerings as alternative for private investors 
 Digital ownership management solution 
 Powered by permissioned distributed ledger technology 
 Online-Shopping: Easy & secure payment 
 Our payment experts at the MPE 
 Boost approved transaction volumes 
 Five reasons to update to EMV 3DS 2.2.0 
 Addressing challenges in e-commerce 
 How tokenization and SRC can help 
 Scheme tokenization services 
 How to increase eCommerce conversion and security 
 Berliner Zeitung with Swiss software 
 Converting digital processes and technology in six weeks 
 Two Gold awards at Digital Economy Award 
 Viseca one app honored for "Highest Digital Quality" 
 Trans-European rail scheduling 
 Path Coordination System for RailNetEurope 