Netcetera develops Blick Sport App - One single application for many sports
Andrej Vckovski, Chief Executive Officer
" title="Popover on bottom">
- Protection against credit card abuse during online payments 
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub
- Your wallet & brand. Powered by our wallet-as-a-service. 
- On top of your finances at all times 
- Digital user authentication. Secure & easy. 
- Passenger information and ticketing without boundaries 
- Digital Publishing. Today already, for tomorrow. 
- Fraud detection system: Stop losing money. Today. 
- Voting for events, blended learning and 2nd screen services 
- Boost the efficiency of your inspection processes 
MORE ABOUT OUR INDUSTRIES AND TOPICS
We are the specialist for software products and custom solutions - from strategy to operations.
 Member of the Board of Directors
Our employees enjoy the fact that they can count on every member of our community. We are proud of our many loyal employees.
As a leading Swiss software company, we support our customers worldwide with trend-setting products and custom software.
Netcetera develops Blick Sport App
One single application for many sports
 Netcetera developed the Blick Sport App informing sports fans about soccer, tennis, cycling, Formula 1, skiing or hockey. 
The new smartphone app replaces the four different previous apps of the Blick Group. It offers playing schedules, news, live ticker, free live streams and more in one single application.
So far, sport fans had to get their information from four different specific sport apps: soccer, skiing, hockey and tennis. Netcetera developed the
that consolidates the functionalities of the four apps in one. Additionally, it offers information about Formula 1, handball, cycling and Moto GP, which the
can now manage for one single app.
The app can be personalized with favorite teams, displays national and international leagues and delivers updates to games with a live ticker. Sports fans can individually manage push functions and watch sports events via live stream for free. A video center, social sharing functionalities, statistics, playing schedules and tables complete the user-friendly app.
The Blick Sport App is available in the app stores for free download for
 Berliner Zeitung with Swiss software 
 Converting digital processes and technology in six weeks 
 Winners: Viseca one and InspectAR apps 
 Best of Swiss Apps Award 2019 
 Co-innovation with NZZ 
 Insights into jointly mastered digital challenges 
 Digital Publishing 
 Launching a complete software solution for publishing houses 
 Partnership with Livingdocs 
 Launching a comprehensive publishing solution 
 Gold for outstanding user experience 
 Paraplegic app awarded at Digital Economy Award 
 Winners: NZZ App and ChecklistAR 
 Best of Swiss Apps Award 2018 
 Cross-border ticket with TNW Tickets App 
 Boundless mobility thanks to Wemlin tickets 
 Voice responsive apps on iOS 
 Talks by Conversational Interfaces expert Martin Mitrevski 
 In-house public transport ticketing 
 Eco-friendly travel from headquarters to remote locations 
 News Apps for NZZ regional media 
 Now also for "Luzerner Zeitung" and "St. Galler Tagblatt" 
 Simplifying mobile contactless payment 
 Using biometrics to pay with smartphone 
 Augmented reality for maintenance 
 Whatever is missing, is on the way 
 Augmented Reality for marketing 
 Devices, possibilities and new business models 
 The battle for conversational interfaces 
 When is a voice controlled interface the right choice? 
 Reading recommendations, watch lists & infos of the day 