LiveGuide: the digital traveling compagnion for Zentralbahn - First railway company using RailVista
Andrej Vckovski, Chief Executive Officer
" title="Popover on bottom">
- Protection against credit card abuse during online payments 
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub
- Your wallet & brand. Powered by our wallet-as-a-service. 
- On top of your finances at all times 
- Digital user authentication. Secure & easy. 
- Passenger information and ticketing without boundaries 
- Digital Publishing. Today already, for tomorrow. 
- Fraud detection system: Stop losing money. Today. 
- Voting for events, blended learning and 2nd screen services 
- Boost the efficiency of your inspection processes 
MORE ABOUT OUR INDUSTRIES AND TOPICS
We are the specialist for software products and custom solutions - from strategy to operations.
 Member of the Board of Directors
Our employees enjoy the fact that they can count on every member of our community. We are proud of our many loyal employees.
As a leading Swiss software company, we support our customers worldwide with trend-setting products and custom software.
LiveGuide: the digital traveling compagnion for Zentralbahn
First railway company using RailVista
 The Zentralbahn app, LiveGuide, is a digital traveling companion for passengers traveling between Lucerne and Interlaken. 
The app offers general information about the route as well as interesting landmarks, which are automatically updated throughout your journey based on your GPS location. LiveGuide is based on Netcetera's product RailVista.
With the LiveGuide app, the Zentralbahn has launched a new digital traveling companion on the route between Lucerne and Interlaken. Travelers can use the app to get background information about the Zentralbahn, the route, and the most interesting sights along the way on their smartphone or tablet. At any time, travelers can see where they are on the map and when they will pass the next landmark. These landmarks appear automatically on the screen as soon as the train gets close. «The Zentralbahn is proud to offer this innovation to its travelers,» said Renato Fasciati, CEO of the Zentralbahn, with excitement. «This offer aligns with our strategy to position ourselves stronger among those traveling for pleasure, which represent 75% of all our passengers.»
Along with text and images, travelers can also listen to most of the information as audio files. All information, including audio files, are available in German, English, and Chinese. Users can also watch a short film of the landmarks on the route from the conductor's perspective. «The app offers a wide range of possibilities: Whether text, images, audio, or film – it has something for everyone,» said Renato Fasciati. «And with the Chinese translation we want to give our numerous guests from China a nice surprise».
This innovation in rail travel is based on the
, which can be used for additional routes and railway companies. «We thank the Zentralbahn for their collaboration in developing this app,» said Rafael Pérez Süess, Head of New Markets at Netcetera. «We are convinced that this offer will satisfy many customers' needs and we look forward to future launches with other railway companies.» RailVista also offers a live video stream from the perspective of the conductor, the CockpitView. This places travelers at the front of the action when the train speeds through a tunnel or snakes around curves.
The LiveGuide app can be downloaded free in the app stores for both
devices. The Zentralbahn recommends downloading the app beforehand over Wi-Fi. During the train ride, the app can be used without an internet connection, which is especially useful for international guests in order to avoid roaming fees.
Contact our expert for more info
 " > Display Address 
 Sales & Business Development 
 Solving disruptions in networks with AI 
 Among five best in Flatland Challenge by SBB 
 Trans-European rail scheduling 
 Path Coordination System for RailNetEurope 
 Winners: Viseca one and InspectAR apps 
 Best of Swiss Apps Award 2019 
 Digital Publishing 
 Launching a complete software solution for publishing houses 
 Insight delivers insights and outlook 
 Dialogue platform for customers with customers 
 Partnership with Livingdocs 
 Launching a comprehensive publishing solution 
 Gold for outstanding user experience 
 Paraplegic app awarded at Digital Economy Award 
 Winners: NZZ App and ChecklistAR 
 Best of Swiss Apps Award 2018 
 Cross-border ticket with TNW Tickets App 
 Boundless mobility thanks to Wemlin tickets 
 Rail production technology partner 
 Voice responsive apps on iOS 
 Talks by Conversational Interfaces expert Martin Mitrevski 
 In-house public transport ticketing 
 Eco-friendly travel from headquarters to remote locations 
 News Apps for NZZ regional media 
 Now also for "Luzerner Zeitung" and "St. Galler Tagblatt" 
 Simplifying mobile contactless payment 
 Using biometrics to pay with smartphone 
 Augmented reality for maintenance 
 Whatever is missing, is on the way 
 Augmented Reality for marketing 
 Devices, possibilities and new business models 