Wirecard with our MPI ready for UnionPay - Successful implementation with the first customer
Andrej Vckovski, Chief Executive Officer
" title="Popover on bottom">
- Protection against credit card abuse during online payments 
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub
- Your wallet & brand. Powered by our wallet-as-a-service. 
- On top of your finances at all times 
- Digital user authentication. Secure & easy. 
- Passenger information and ticketing without boundaries 
- Digital Publishing. Today already, for tomorrow. 
- Fraud detection system: Stop losing money. Today. 
- Voting for events, blended learning and 2nd screen services 
- Boost the efficiency of your inspection processes 
MORE ABOUT OUR INDUSTRIES AND TOPICS
We are the specialist for software products and custom solutions - from strategy to operations.
 Member of the Board of Directors
Our employees enjoy the fact that they can count on every member of our community. We are proud of our many loyal employees.
As a leading Swiss software company, we support our customers worldwide with trend-setting products and custom software.
 3-D Secure Issuer Service 
 3-D Secure Acquiring Products 
Wirecard with our MPI ready for UnionPay
Successful implementation with the first customer
 Our Merchant Plug-In (MPI) now also supports the UnionPay Online Payment (UPOP) standard of the UnionPay credit card organization. With this move, we are reacting to the growing market share of UnionPay transactions in Europe. The extension of the MPI was developed and implemented together with Wirecard, the German specialist for payment processing and issuing. 
is the first customer to offer our MPI for Secure Plus secure payment processing with UnionPay credit cards. Wirecard is already our MPI customer. For the technical development and test phase of Secure Plus, we worked together even more closely. Dr. Thomas Käppner, Head of Merchant Services at Wirecard, says: "Thanks to the successful cooperation with Netcetera and their pioneering spirit, we were able to move forward quickly and are now the first to integrate Netcetera's MPI for UnionPay Secure Plus. With this extension, it will be very easy for our retail customers to integrate UnionPay with secure payments, since the interfaces are closely related to other handling procedures."
Netcetera and Wirecard are now ready for the growing market share of UnionPay in Europe, as the number of UPOP transactions is increasing continuously. Our MPI can be implemented very quickly and easily for other payment service providers. Michael Seifert, Managing Director Netcetera GmbH in Germany: "There is an increasing demand for UnionPay. We are very happy to offer secure payments in this area with our MPI extension. It’s our ambition to constantly expand our services together with our customers and to offer product improvements and new features."
Secure payment handling with Netcetera's MPI
Our merchant plug-in ensures the smooth and reliable processing of payments on the internet. It also offers contemporary web services for the verification and authentication of the card holder. As an integrated part of the purchasing process, the MPI authenticates and verifies the cardholder according to UnionPay Secure Pay standards as well as those of Verified by Visa, MasterCard® SecureCodeTM, American Express Safekey®, and Diners ProtectBuySM. The plug-in is being used worldwide, for instance, in Australia, Bulgaria, Croatia, the UK, Germany, Hong Kong, Hungary, Russia, Ukraine and more.
 " > Display Address 
 Visa and MasterCard certified 
 3-D Secure implemented for Swisscard 
 Prevent credit card fraud 
 3-D Secure: Security and convenience for online shopping 
 UnionPay certification for 3DS products 
 Major improvement for e-commerce payments worldwide 
 Strong boost for cashless payments 
 Corona crisis and the future of paying 
 3-D Secure 2.2 brings important progress 
 Easier, more convenient and safer payment in e-commerce 
 20 years of payment expertise in 45 min 
 Join our interactive webinar series on top payment topics 
 EMV 3DS 2.2.0 certified 
 More approved transactions with Netcetera 3DS Server & SDK 
 New office in Singapore 
 Netcetera takes another step towards global expansion 
 Payment trend scouting 
 Where does the journey in digital payment take us? 
 Digital Assets in real estate 
 Secure token offerings as alternative for private investors 
 Digital ownership management solution 
 Powered by permissioned distributed ledger technology 
 Online-Shopping: Easy & secure payment 
 Our payment experts at the MPE 
 Boost approved transaction volumes 
 Five reasons to update to EMV 3DS 2.2.0 
 Addressing challenges in e-commerce 
 How tokenization and SRC can help 
 Scheme tokenization services 
 How to increase eCommerce conversion and security 
 Berliner Zeitung with Swiss software 
 Converting digital processes and technology in six weeks 
 Two Gold awards at Digital Economy Award 
 Viseca one app honored for "Highest Digital Quality" 