Digital journey through the Swiss Museum of Transport - Our CEO Andrej Vckovski testing Media World app
Andrej Vckovski, Chief Executive Officer
" title="Popover on bottom">
- Protection against credit card abuse during online payments 
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub
- Your wallet & brand. Powered by our wallet-as-a-service. 
- On top of your finances at all times 
- Digital user authentication. Secure & easy. 
- Passenger information and ticketing without boundaries 
- Digital Publishing. Today already, for tomorrow. 
- Fraud detection system: Stop losing money. Today. 
- Voting for events, blended learning and 2nd screen services 
- Boost the efficiency of your inspection processes 
MORE ABOUT OUR INDUSTRIES AND TOPICS
We are the specialist for software products and custom solutions - from strategy to operations.
 Member of the Board of Directors
Our employees enjoy the fact that they can count on every member of our community. We are proud of our many loyal employees.
As a leading Swiss software company, we support our customers worldwide with trend-setting products and custom software.
Digital journey through the Swiss Museum of Transport
CEO Andrej Vckovski testing our Media World app
 We are helping the Museum of Transport in Lucerne get going on the road to digitalization: We developed the app for their Media World attraction. The app is the perfect companion for this interactive world of experiences. Our CEO Andrej Vckovski tested the app together with the Marketing and Communications team at the beginning of November. 
invites visitors to discover the multifaceted world of media. The professional TV studio is the heart of this interactive world. Here visitors can experience the opportunities offered by media technology firsthand. During our visit we produced our own show. We managed the recording from the director's desk and switched live between freely chosen backgrounds in the so-called green box.
Virtual reality glasses are available in the lab. They allowed us to experience far off places and events as if we were right in the thick of things – from taking flight in a helicopter to going on an adventurous snowboard ride.
Andrej Vckovski produces the Netcetera show in the studio
Jumping over rooftops with virtual reality glasses
An additional highlight of the interactive world is the 360° photo booth, which creates three-dimensional full-body pictures. 36 cameras snap pictures simultaneously and recorded our entire team from all sides.
Travel companion Media World app
Using the app we developed, visitors can also expand their Media World with additional features. In the app, anything that is produced on-site can be stored in a personal account. This way users can access their own clips even after their visit is over. The app also contains comprehensive information on the interactive world, a "best of" collection of must-see visitor clips, and an overview of Media World events.
The app brought along some challenging requirements: due to the viral spreading of the clips produced in Media World in social networks, the usage varies greatly. Also, different kinds of devices and bandwidths need to receive the best possible quality. That’s why we implemented the backend with user administration with cloud technologies. Noteworthy are especially Microsoft Azure as application platform and Akamai as Content Delivery Network. These platforms ensure a good user experience at all times.
Download free Media World App in Google Play
Download free Media World App in iTunes App Store
Loging in to the app via touch screen at the entrance
Using the app we designed, visitors can dive headfirst into the Media World: Additional information, a "best of" section with must-see clips, share your clips with friends, and events supplement Media World.
Want to know more about the digitalization of the Transport Museum:
 " > Display Address 
 Solving disruptions in networks with AI 
 Among five best in Flatland Challenge by SBB 
 Trans-European rail scheduling 
 Path Coordination System for RailNetEurope 
 Winners: Viseca one and InspectAR apps 
 Best of Swiss Apps Award 2019 
 Digital Publishing 
 Launching a complete software solution for publishing houses 
 Insight delivers insights and outlook 
 Dialogue platform for customers with customers 
 Partnership with Livingdocs 
 Launching a comprehensive publishing solution 
 Gold for outstanding user experience 
 Paraplegic app awarded at Digital Economy Award 
 Winners: NZZ App and ChecklistAR 
 Best of Swiss Apps Award 2018 
 Cross-border ticket with TNW Tickets App 
 Boundless mobility thanks to Wemlin tickets 
 Rail production technology partner 
 Voice responsive apps on iOS 
 Talks by Conversational Interfaces expert Martin Mitrevski 
 In-house public transport ticketing 
 Eco-friendly travel from headquarters to remote locations 
 News Apps for NZZ regional media 
 Now also for "Luzerner Zeitung" and "St. Galler Tagblatt" 
 Simplifying mobile contactless payment 
 Using biometrics to pay with smartphone 
 Augmented reality for maintenance 
 Whatever is missing, is on the way 
 Augmented Reality for marketing 
 Devices, possibilities and new business models 