Challenges in the payment industry - Presentation by Netcetera expert Reto Gross
Andrej Vckovski, Chief Executive Officer
" title="Popover on bottom">
- Protection against credit card abuse during online payments 
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub
- Your wallet & brand. Powered by our wallet-as-a-service. 
- On top of your finances at all times 
- Digital user authentication. Secure & easy. 
- Passenger information and ticketing without boundaries 
- Digital Publishing. Today already, for tomorrow. 
- Fraud detection system: Stop losing money. Today. 
- Voting for events, blended learning and 2nd screen services 
- Boost the efficiency of your inspection processes 
MORE ABOUT OUR INDUSTRIES AND TOPICS
We are the specialist for software products and custom solutions - from strategy to operations.
 Member of the Board of Directors
Our employees enjoy the fact that they can count on every member of our community. We are proud of our many loyal employees.
As a leading Swiss software company, we support our customers worldwide with trend-setting products and custom software.
 3-D Secure Issuer Service 
 ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub 
 3-D Secure Acquiring Products 
Challenges in the payment industry
Presentation by Netcetera expert Reto Gross
 The honor of the opening speech at Swiss Payment Forum 2016 went to Reto Gross, our Director Payment & Card Services. He critically and holistically appraised current and future developments in the payment area. In these uncertain but exciting times, the industry faces several challenges. Can challenges be innovation drivers? Reto Gross analyses what the impacts to the innovation plans of the market participants are and who can contribute in what way to give the right impulses. 
The Reto Gross‘ presentation is backed by extensive experience: as notable market actor we supply the payment industry with mature, highly functional and secure solutions. Additionally, we bring in our conceptual consulting expertise early in the value chain, so that the entire industry can develop sustainably and successfully – to the benefit of the consumers, the merchants and hence also the issuers of payment means.
presentation „Challenges in the payment industry“
 Cash vs. mobile payment 
 About the future of payment solutions 
 Future Swiss payment system 
 SIX launches euroSIC 
 Digital transformation of card payments 
 Presentation by our payment expert 
 Switzerland mobilizes against cash 
 First Swiss iApp with Payment Function 
 PostFinance goes mobile with Netcetera 
 UnionPay certification for 3DS products 
 Major improvement for e-commerce payments worldwide 
 Strong boost for cashless payments 
 Corona crisis and the future of paying 
 3-D Secure 2.2 brings important progress 
 Easier, more convenient and safer payment in e-commerce 
 20 years of payment expertise in 45 min 
 Join our interactive webinar series on top payment topics 
 EMV 3DS 2.2.0 certified 
 More approved transactions with Netcetera 3DS Server & SDK 
 New office in Singapore 
 Netcetera takes another step towards global expansion 
 Payment trend scouting 
 Where does the journey in digital payment take us? 
 Digital Assets in real estate 
 Secure token offerings as alternative for private investors 
 Digital ownership management solution 
 Powered by permissioned distributed ledger technology 
 Online-Shopping: Easy & secure payment 
 Our payment experts at the MPE 
 Boost approved transaction volumes 
 Five reasons to update to EMV 3DS 2.2.0 
 Addressing challenges in e-commerce 
 How tokenization and SRC can help 