Digital PostFinance Card - Contactless payment with PostFinance App
Andrej Vckovski, Chief Executive Officer
" title="Popover on bottom">
- Protection against credit card abuse during online payments 
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub
- Your wallet & brand. Powered by our wallet-as-a-service. 
- On top of your finances at all times 
- Digital user authentication. Secure & easy. 
- Passenger information and ticketing without boundaries 
- Digital Publishing. Today already, for tomorrow. 
- Fraud detection system: Stop losing money. Today. 
- Voting for events, blended learning and 2nd screen services 
- Boost the efficiency of your inspection processes 
MORE ABOUT OUR INDUSTRIES AND TOPICS
We are the specialist for software products and custom solutions - from strategy to operations.
 Member of the Board of Directors
Our employees enjoy the fact that they can count on every member of our community. We are proud of our many loyal employees.
As a leading Swiss software company, we support our customers worldwide with trend-setting products and custom software.
Contactless payment with PostFinance App
 With the e-banking App by PostFinance the user can now choose the contactless payment option via NFC at the cash register. The amount is paid easily and securely with the Android smartphone. 
For contactless payments with the Android smartphone the user does not need an additional app. We integrated the module directly into the existing
mobile app. The PostFinance customers can use the functionality since the beginning of November.
The PostFinance app was the first Swiss app with a payment feature. It won silver and bronze for Innovation and Online-Marketing at the Best of Swiss Web award.
 Once upon a time: entering digits manually 
 App for PostFinance at Best of Swiss Web 
 Silver and Bronze for Innovation and online Marketing 
 First Swiss iApp with Payment Function 
 PostFinance goes mobile with Netcetera 
 UnionPay certification for 3DS products 
 Major improvement for e-commerce payments worldwide 
 Strong boost for cashless payments 
 Corona crisis and the future of paying 
 3-D Secure 2.2 brings important progress 
 Easier, more convenient and safer payment in e-commerce 
 20 years of payment expertise in 45 min 
 Join our interactive webinar series on top payment topics 
 EMV 3DS 2.2.0 certified 
 More approved transactions with Netcetera 3DS Server & SDK 
 New office in Singapore 
 Netcetera takes another step towards global expansion 
 Payment trend scouting 
 Where does the journey in digital payment take us? 
 Digital Assets in real estate 
 Secure token offerings as alternative for private investors 
 Digital ownership management solution 
 Powered by permissioned distributed ledger technology 
 Online-Shopping: Easy & secure payment 
 Our payment experts at the MPE 
 Addressing challenges in e-commerce 
 How tokenization and SRC can help 
 Boost approved transaction volumes 
 Five reasons to update to EMV 3DS 2.2.0 
 Scheme tokenization services 
 How to increase eCommerce conversion and security 
 Two Gold awards at Digital Economy Award 
 Viseca one app honored for "Highest Digital Quality" 