Quick and secure access to all data - Information system for the University Hospital Basel
Andrej Vckovski, Chief Executive Officer
" title="Popover on bottom">
- Protection against credit card abuse during online payments 
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub
- Your wallet & brand. Powered by our wallet-as-a-service. 
- On top of your finances at all times 
- Digital user authentication. Secure & easy. 
- Passenger information and ticketing without boundaries 
- Digital Publishing. Today already, for tomorrow. 
- Fraud detection system: Stop losing money. Today. 
- Voting for events, blended learning and 2nd screen services 
- Boost the efficiency of your inspection processes 
MORE ABOUT OUR INDUSTRIES AND TOPICS
We are the specialist for software products and custom solutions - from strategy to operations.
 Member of the Board of Directors
Our employees enjoy the fact that they can count on every member of our community. We are proud of our many loyal employees.
As a leading Swiss software company, we support our customers worldwide with trend-setting products and custom software.
Quick and secure access to all data
Information system for the University Hospital Basel
 The fast, smart and secure access to patient or case data is the key to more efficiency in the healthcare sector. We have translated this complex task into a simple and user-friendly application for the University Hospital of Basel. 
The result is an information system that makes daily work routine for doctors and nursing staff as simple as possible. Software for Health Efficiency (S.H.E.) is a modular system for data management. It integrates three areas: the patient archive viewer provides the user with quick and easy access to relevant information, the findings app notifies the doctors and nursing staff about new reports no matter where they are in the hospital, and the dashboard integrates access to all systems. The S.H.E. contributes to greater efficiency and comfort, which allows the hospital staff at
Need more information about this project?
Head of Sales Digital Enterprise
 " > Display Address 
 Order entry in University Hospital Basel 
 Comprehensive digital platform optimizes processes 
 Healthcare Ecosystem 
 Success factors for more efficiency in clinical processes 
 Launching Healthcare Ecosystem 
 Digitizing hospital processes together with the i-engineers 
 Combating healthcare insurance fraud 
 Presentation & article by Kiril Milev 
 Future Trends ICT: Augmented Reality 
 Expertenvortrag am Event von IAMCP 
 Machine Learning for health insurances 
 Risk classification to detect waste, abuse and fraud 
 We are reinforcing our team Middle East 
 New Director of Sales and Business Development in Dubai 
 Full transparency in the operating room 
 Article about VR/AR possibilities and definitions 
 Why blockchain disrupts all industries 
 Elena Karafiloski presents use cases in health & education 
 Hirslanden: electronic document exchange 
 docbox health engine solution connects clinics & physicians 
 Augmented Reality for marketing 
 Devices, possibilities and new business models 
 How Blockchain changes healthcare 
 Presentation by our expert Elena Karafiloski 
 System-wide patient dossier 
 Markus Dietrich presents solution for university hospital 
 Full-house at our AR workshop 
 Creating value with Augmented Reality 
 Meet us at events in Spring/Summer 
 Hololens in neurosurgery 
 Successful prototype with the University Hospital of Berne 
 Celebrating anniversary in UAE 
 10 years of transforming the region into a digital hub 