Combating healthcare insurance fraud - Presentation & article by Kiril Milev
Andrej Vckovski, Chief Executive Officer
" title="Popover on bottom">
- Protection against credit card abuse during online payments 
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub
- Your wallet & brand. Powered by our wallet-as-a-service. 
- On top of your finances at all times 
- Digital user authentication. Secure & easy. 
- Passenger information and ticketing without boundaries 
- Digital Publishing. Today already, for tomorrow. 
- Fraud detection system: Stop losing money. Today. 
- Voting for events, blended learning and 2nd screen services 
- Boost the efficiency of your inspection processes 
MORE ABOUT OUR INDUSTRIES AND TOPICS
We are the specialist for software products and custom solutions - from strategy to operations.
 Member of the Board of Directors
Our employees enjoy the fact that they can count on every member of our community. We are proud of our many loyal employees.
As a leading Swiss software company, we support our customers worldwide with trend-setting products and custom software.
Combating healthcare insurance fraud
Presentation and interview by Kiril Milev
 An analysis proves it: Our RiSIC product could save millions in the healthcare industry. The risk classification system, based on artificial intelligence, can help identify waste, abuse and fraud in health insurance claims - currently tailored for GCC region. The results of the first claims analysis by our machine learning solution were presented at a conference in Oman and stated in a UAE newspaper article. 
The results of the first claims analysis conducted in the UAE show that
increases denial rate from 5% to 8.4%., stated Kiril Milev, our Managing Director of the Middle East division his
interview at the UAE newspaper National
. In addition, he presented the results also at the
Middle East Healthcare Insurance Conference
The UAE specifically is a high-risk market for insurers because the healthcare market is growing at such a fast pace. The market is dominated by the private sector with a mandatory insurance requirement. In the conducted analysis, we detected absurd amounts of fraud, waste and abuse. Remarkable about our product RiSIC is that it is fed with historical data and tunes up for the business specifics, starting its first day on the job already understanding the local market nuances and unique claims patterns that the business deals with.
Learn more about our machine learning solution in this
+971 4 445 69 82 / +971 4 445 69 83
 " > Display Address 
Head of Sales Digital Enterprise
 " > Display Address 
 Order entry in University Hospital Basel 
 Comprehensive digital platform optimizes processes 
 Healthcare Ecosystem 
 Success factors for more efficiency in clinical processes 
 Launching Healthcare Ecosystem 
 Digitizing hospital processes together with the i-engineers 
 Artificial Intelligence partner at WTIC 
 Are machines interested in learning the insurance business? 
 Unlocking the power of blockchain @GITEX 
 Strengthening our network in the Middle East 
 Future Trends ICT: Augmented Reality 
 Expertenvortrag am Event von IAMCP 
 Machine Learning for health insurances 
 Risk classification to detect waste, abuse and fraud 
 We are reinforcing our team Middle East 
 New Director of Sales and Business Development in Dubai 
 Full transparency in the operating room 
 Article about VR/AR possibilities and definitions 
 Why blockchain disrupts all industries 
 Elena Karafiloski presents use cases in health & education 
 Hirslanden: electronic document exchange 
 docbox health engine solution connects clinics & physicians 
 Augmented Reality for marketing 
 Devices, possibilities and new business models 
 How Blockchain changes healthcare 
 Presentation by our expert Elena Karafiloski 
 Quick and secure access to all data 
 Information system for the University Hospital Basel 
 System-wide patient dossier 
 Markus Dietrich presents solution for university hospital 
 Full-house at our AR workshop 
 Creating value with Augmented Reality 
 Meet us at events in Spring/Summer 