Building voice responsive apps for iOS - Talks by Conversational Interfaces expert Martin Mitrevski
Andrej Vckovski, Chief Executive Officer
" title="Popover on bottom">
- Protection against credit card abuse during online payments 
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub
- Your wallet & brand. Powered by our wallet-as-a-service. 
- On top of your finances at all times 
- Digital user authentication. Secure & easy. 
- Passenger information and ticketing without boundaries 
- Digital Publishing. Today already, for tomorrow. 
- Fraud detection system: Stop losing money. Today. 
- Voting for events, blended learning and 2nd screen services 
- Boost the efficiency of your inspection processes 
MORE ABOUT OUR INDUSTRIES AND TOPICS
We are the specialist for software products and custom solutions - from strategy to operations.
 Member of the Board of Directors
Our employees enjoy the fact that they can count on every member of our community. We are proud of our many loyal employees.
As a leading Swiss software company, we support our customers worldwide with trend-setting products and custom software.
 Conversational Interfaces 
Building voice responsive apps for iOS
Talks about Conversational Interfaces
 Our expert for Conversational Interfaces, Martin Mitrevski, shared his knowledge at three conferences in the last few months. Learn how to understand language on iOS and how to develop conversational interfaces for iOS apps. 
 " > Display Address 
 Winners: Viseca one and InspectAR apps 
 Best of Swiss Apps Award 2019 
 Digital Publishing 
 Launching a complete software solution for publishing houses 
 Partnership with Livingdocs 
 Launching a comprehensive publishing solution 
 Gold for outstanding user experience 
 Paraplegic app awarded at Digital Economy Award 
 Winners: NZZ App and ChecklistAR 
 Best of Swiss Apps Award 2018 
 Cross-border ticket with TNW Tickets App 
 Boundless mobility thanks to Wemlin tickets 
 In-house public transport ticketing 
 Eco-friendly travel from headquarters to remote locations 
 News Apps for NZZ regional media 
 Now also for "Luzerner Zeitung" and "St. Galler Tagblatt" 
 Simplifying mobile contactless payment 
 Using biometrics to pay with smartphone 
 Study on Conversational Interfaces 
 Application potentials and examples for CI 
 Digital revolution in working life 
 AR and CI Workshop in Liechtenstein 
 Augmented reality for maintenance 
 Whatever is missing, is on the way 
 Augmented Reality for marketing 
 Devices, possibilities and new business models 
 The battle for conversational interfaces 
 When is a voice controlled interface the right choice? 
 Reading recommendations, watch lists & infos of the day 
 The future of digital payment 
 Conversational Interfaces and Augmented Reality 