Hirslanden integration of electronic document exchange - docbox health engine solution connects clinics & physicians
Andrej Vckovski, Chief Executive Officer
" title="Popover on bottom">
- Protection against credit card abuse during online payments 
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub
- Your wallet & brand. Powered by our wallet-as-a-service. 
- On top of your finances at all times 
- Digital user authentication. Secure & easy. 
- Passenger information and ticketing without boundaries 
- Digital Publishing. Today already, for tomorrow. 
- Fraud detection system: Stop losing money. Today. 
- Voting for events, blended learning and 2nd screen services 
- Boost the efficiency of your inspection processes 
MORE ABOUT OUR INDUSTRIES AND TOPICS
We are the specialist for software products and custom solutions - from strategy to operations.
 Member of the Board of Directors
Our employees enjoy the fact that they can count on every member of our community. We are proud of our many loyal employees.
As a leading Swiss software company, we support our customers worldwide with trend-setting products and custom software.
Integration of electronic document exchange
Hirslanden integration of electronic document exchange
docbox-health engine solution connects Hirslanden clinics and physicians
 Together with the Hirslanden Group, Netcetera, the i-engineers and Visionary are implementing a solution that links together all Hirslanden clinics, inpatient doctors and referring physicians of the Group. The three suppliers work closely together as a well-practiced team to turn this large, complex project into a success. Thanks to this integrated and comprehensive solution, the Hirslanden Group profits from a significant increase in efficiency. 
The Hirslanden Group comprises a total of 17 clinics in 11 cantons. Over 2,000 inpatient doctors use the infrastructure of the Hirslanden clinics for their medical services. An intensive document exchange is taking place between the inpatient doctors, their referring physicians and the clinics. Previously, this exchange was not at all seamless as it used various, often paper-based channels. Accordingly, there was much room for improvement.
In 2014, the Hirslanden Group thus decided to commission a networking solution to connect clinics, inpatient doctors and referring physicians.
In close collaboration with the Hirslanden Group, Netcetera, the i-engineers and Visionary created a solution based on the following goals:
Establishing an electronic solution for recording, transmitting and integrating surgery, birth and radiology registrations
Digital integration into internal clinic processes and systems
Continuous electronic handling of processes from physicians' primary systems into clinic systems and back again, with significant increases in quality and fewer inquiries
Convenient operation of docbox forms with and without interfacing with the software systems in medical offices
Simple-as-possible on-boarding of inpatient doctors and their software systems
Expandability and easy integration of additional processes
docbox by Visionary connects inpatient doctors and their referring physicians with the clinics. Health engine is responsible for the clinics' internal workflows. Both products have a variety of interfaces for seamless integration into both primary and clinic systems. Digital data transfer reduces the amount of transcription work and automates routine tasks, thus increasing process quality and efficiency. The solution supports physicians, assistance personnel and patient administration employees with high-grade, user-friendly functions (such as integrated ICD-10 diagnostic and treatment catalogs, exam routines, templates, etc.).
The following processes are already available in this system:
Document distribution (bidirectional)
Other functions are being implemented continuously. Currently in the works:
Pre-stationary clarification involving the patient's general practitioner
Outpatient before inpatient (consideration of cantonal guidelines)
All implemented functions optimally cover the additional requirements of an inpatient doctor system.
A consortium consisting of three partner firms successfully executed the order. It integrated both the health engine and docbox products.
Consulting and implementation of workflows as well as networking of the clinical applications (e.g. SAP, HIS MCC, archive systems D3 and Synedra, MPI) with the product health engine.
Consulting and provision of software "as a service" with interfaces with health engine and inpatient doctors' and referring physicians' practice software systems using the docbox product.
First, the solution was implemented in the Hirslanden Aarau clinic and several other Hirslanden clinics. The solution is so successful that in summer 2017, Hirslanden Group management decided to position it as strategically crucial and roll it out Group-wide.
With this solution and the end-to-end processes it can help to realize, the Hirslanden Group is a leader in electronic networking in Switzerland. The solution is proven to achieve increases in efficiency when processing inpatient and outpatient registrations.
In addition to the digital solution, other important success factors are: the standardized process of connecting the inpatient doctors' primary systems and, above all, the outstanding and close collaboration between the clinics, Hirslanden's ICT & Processes division, and the three suppliers Netcetera, the i-engineers and Visionary.
Head of Sales Digital Enterprise
 " > Display Address 
 Order entry in University Hospital Basel 
 Comprehensive digital platform optimizes processes 
 Healthcare Ecosystem 
 Success factors for more efficiency in clinical processes 
 Launching Healthcare Ecosystem 
 Digitizing hospital processes together with the i-engineers 
 Combating healthcare insurance fraud 
 Presentation & article by Kiril Milev 
 Future Trends ICT: Augmented Reality 
 Expertenvortrag am Event von IAMCP 
 Machine Learning for health insurances 
 Risk classification to detect waste, abuse and fraud 
 We are reinforcing our team Middle East 
 New Director of Sales and Business Development in Dubai 
 Full transparency in the operating room 
 Article about VR/AR possibilities and definitions 
 Why blockchain disrupts all industries 
 Elena Karafiloski presents use cases in health & education 
 Augmented Reality for marketing 
 Devices, possibilities and new business models 
 How Blockchain changes healthcare 
 Presentation by our expert Elena Karafiloski 
 Quick and secure access to all data 
 Information system for the University Hospital Basel 
 System-wide patient dossier 
 Markus Dietrich presents solution for university hospital 
 Full-house at our AR workshop 
 Creating value with Augmented Reality 
 Meet us at events in Spring/Summer 
 Hololens in neurosurgery 
 Successful prototype with the University Hospital of Berne 
 Celebrating anniversary in UAE 
 10 years of transforming the region into a digital hub 