Digital Prototyping Workshop - Learn rapid prototyping
Andrej Vckovski, Chief Executive Officer
" title="Popover on bottom">
- Protection against credit card abuse during online payments 
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub
- Your wallet & brand. Powered by our wallet-as-a-service. 
- On top of your finances at all times 
- Digital user authentication. Secure & easy. 
- Passenger information and ticketing without boundaries 
- Digital Publishing. Today already, for tomorrow. 
- Fraud detection system: Stop losing money. Today. 
- Voting for events, blended learning and 2nd screen services 
- Boost the efficiency of your inspection processes 
MORE ABOUT OUR INDUSTRIES AND TOPICS
We are the specialist for software products and custom solutions - from strategy to operations.
 Member of the Board of Directors
Our employees enjoy the fact that they can count on every member of our community. We are proud of our many loyal employees.
As a leading Swiss software company, we support our customers worldwide with trend-setting products and custom software.
 Requirements Engineering 
Develop digital prototypes quickly and easily
 In this workshop, you will learn tools and ways to quickly and digitally communicate an idea. 
The heart of Design Thinking and Agile Development is working with prototypes. You can achieve success faster if you review your assumptions early and on an ongoing basis with users, allowing you to continually adapt, improve, and grow significantly. For digital products, there are many easy-to-use tools to quickly and easily create digital prototypes.
 In the Digital Protoyping Workshop you will be equipped with the tools to quickly turn ideas and concepts into mock-ups that can be displayed on tablets, mobile phones or the web. So you can quickly and easily present your ideas to your boss, customers and work colleagues.
Anyone who wants to quickly turn an idea into a clickable prototype: project leaders, developers, creatives, etc.
 The workshop is suitable for beginners and intermediates in the field of digital prototypes.
: How do I form the core of my idea without already designing the user interface of an application.
: Using paper, pen and mobile phone to experience an app
: Creating a simple mock-up, which already conveys the look and feel of the application
Tuesday, March 20, 2018, 08:30 until 17:00. Aperitif afterwards
before registration, we can give away a discount code worth SFr. 100.00.
How do I quickly show digitally what my future service will be?
What are the methods and instruments that make it easy to prototype?
Digital prototype of a self-determined project.
 Adrian is User Experience Architect at Netcetera. He earns his daily bread by designing digital customer experiences and building prototypes. Adrian works in a software development company and has the necessary practical knowledge to bridge the gap between innovation, design and development.
 As a studied social psychologist, Niklaus has always been interested in how to create inspiring customer experiences. He headed numerous innovation projects at Swisscom, established the Swisscom Labs open innovation platform and was responsible for the customer experience of Swisscom TV 2.0 as a design thinking specialist. He has been with Innoveto since 2014.
 " > Display Address 