In-house public transport ticketing - Eco-friendly travel from headquarters to remote locations
Andrej Vckovski, Chief Executive Officer
" title="Popover on bottom">
- Protection against credit card abuse during online payments 
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub
- Your wallet & brand. Powered by our wallet-as-a-service. 
- On top of your finances at all times 
- Digital user authentication. Secure & easy. 
- Passenger information and ticketing without boundaries 
- Digital Publishing. Today already, for tomorrow. 
- Fraud detection system: Stop losing money. Today. 
- Voting for events, blended learning and 2nd screen services 
- Boost the efficiency of your inspection processes 
MORE ABOUT OUR INDUSTRIES AND TOPICS
We are the specialist for software products and custom solutions - from strategy to operations.
 Member of the Board of Directors
Our employees enjoy the fact that they can count on every member of our community. We are proud of our many loyal employees.
As a leading Swiss software company, we support our customers worldwide with trend-setting products and custom software.
In-house public transport ticketing
Eco-friendly travel from headquarters to remote locations
 On behalf of F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG we developed the public transport ticket system "Roche Mobility". The solution is free of charge for their employees and replaces the company\'s own bus service. Employees can now obtain a digital public transport ticket on their intranet in the Mobility Web Shop. 
has provided its employees with their own shuttle service for travel between individual company locations in Basel. As part of ongoing site development, they replaced this at the end of March 2018 with an eco-friendly solution that is still free of charge for employees. The "Roche Mobility" public transport ticket system developed by us makes this possible.
The employee chooses the travel route between the locations within the city of Basel in the web shop. The web shop then obtains a code from the promotion toolbox via a web service interface and makes it available to the employee as a QR code. The employee scans the QR code with the
. The digital public transport ticket is now ready in the app and only needs to be validated before the start of the journey, the same as with the popular multi-trip card.
Individual solution - commercially attractive and quickly implemented
We built the web shop as an individual solution for Roche. It is based on the Promotion Toolbox, an existing component of the Wemlin Suite. With the Wemlin Suite we offer a comprehensive range of products for public transport, such as the
app, departures for display boards or the public transport database
Julian Hennig, Project Manager Mobility at F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, comments on the public transport ticket system: "The ticket system is an excellent solution for making the very well-developed public transport system in Basel available to our employees. The ease of use and the paperless tickets are very popular with us!"
Want to know more about Wemlin? Talk to our expert:
Head of Product & Market Strategy Digital Enterprise
 " > Display Address 
 Solving disruptions in networks with AI 
 Among five best in Flatland Challenge by SBB 
 Trans-European rail scheduling 
 Path Coordination System for RailNetEurope 
 Winners: Viseca one and InspectAR apps 
 Best of Swiss Apps Award 2019 
 Digital Publishing 
 Launching a complete software solution for publishing houses 
 Insight delivers insights and outlook 
 Dialogue platform for customers with customers 
 Partnership with Livingdocs 
 Launching a comprehensive publishing solution 
 Gold for outstanding user experience 
 Paraplegic app awarded at Digital Economy Award 
 Winners: NZZ App and ChecklistAR 
 Best of Swiss Apps Award 2018 
 Cross-border ticket with TNW Tickets App 
 Boundless mobility thanks to Wemlin tickets 
 Rail production technology partner 
 Voice responsive apps on iOS 
 Talks by Conversational Interfaces expert Martin Mitrevski 
 News Apps for NZZ regional media 
 Now also for "Luzerner Zeitung" and "St. Galler Tagblatt" 
 Simplifying mobile contactless payment 
 Using biometrics to pay with smartphone 
 Augmented reality for maintenance 
 Whatever is missing, is on the way 
 Augmented Reality for marketing 
 Devices, possibilities and new business models 
 The battle for conversational interfaces 
 When is a voice controlled interface the right choice? 