Winners: Viseca one and Inspect AR apps - Best of Swiss Apps Award 2019
Andrej Vckovski, Chief Executive Officer
" title="Popover on bottom">
- Protection against credit card abuse during online payments 
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub
- Your wallet & brand. Powered by our wallet-as-a-service. 
- On top of your finances at all times 
- Digital user authentication. Secure & easy. 
- Passenger information and ticketing without boundaries 
- Digital Publishing. Today already, for tomorrow. 
- Fraud detection system: Stop losing money. Today. 
- Voting for events, blended learning and 2nd screen services 
- Boost the efficiency of your inspection processes 
MORE ABOUT OUR INDUSTRIES AND TOPICS
We are the specialist for software products and custom solutions - from strategy to operations.
 Member of the Board of Directors
Our employees enjoy the fact that they can count on every member of our community. We are proud of our many loyal employees.
As a leading Swiss software company, we support our customers worldwide with trend-setting products and custom software.
Winners: Viseca one and Inspect AR apps
 At the Best of Swiss Apps Awards ceremony in Zurich on 7 November, the apps we developed won four prizes. 
won Silver in the category Design and Bronze in the categories Functionality and Business Impact. At the Best of Swiss App Awards in 2016, we already won Silver in Functionality and Bronze in Business for the first version of this app. This app is one of the first independent solutions for contactless mobile payment in Switzerland. It offers card issuers the opportunity to supplement their own apps with a globally standardized and certified mobile payment module. Thanks to the support of biometrics, their customers pay easily, quickly and securely with their smartphones. The solution is based on Netcetera's
product and is just as convenient as the mobile payment offers of smartphone manufacturers.
won Silver in the category Enterprise. Augment IT by Netcetera digitizes inspection processes. It enables inspection personell to work faster with less errors and traceable results. It saves training time and results in more flexibility in staff allocation.
 Contactless mobile payment supporting biometrics 
 Silver in Augmented Reality 
 Cubic Warfare wins at Best of Swiss App Award 
 Our projects scooped the prizes at Best of Swiss App Award 
 UnionPay certification for 3DS products 
 Major improvement for e-commerce payments worldwide 
 Strong boost for cashless payments 
 Corona crisis and the future of paying 
 3-D Secure 2.2 brings important progress 
 Easier, more convenient and safer payment in e-commerce 
 20 years of payment expertise in 45 min 
 Join our interactive webinar series on top payment topics 
 EMV 3DS 2.2.0 certified 
 More approved transactions with Netcetera 3DS Server & SDK 
 New office in Singapore 
 Netcetera takes another step towards global expansion 
 Payment trend scouting 
 Where does the journey in digital payment take us? 
 Online-Shopping: Easy & secure payment 
 Our payment experts at the MPE 
 Addressing challenges in e-commerce 
 How tokenization and SRC can help 
 Boost approved transaction volumes 
 Five reasons to update to EMV 3DS 2.2.0 
 Improve business productivity with IoT 
 Launching our customizable platform n-things 
 Azure Spatial Anchors 
 Augmented Reality Experience for allthisfuture 
 Scheme tokenization services 
 How to increase eCommerce conversion and security 
 Two Gold awards at Digital Economy Award 
 Viseca one app honored for "Highest Digital Quality" 