Andrej Vckovski, Chief Executive Officer
" title="Popover on bottom">
- Protection against credit card abuse during online payments 
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub
- Your wallet & brand. Powered by our wallet-as-a-service. 
- On top of your finances at all times 
- Digital user authentication. Secure & easy. 
- Passenger information and ticketing without boundaries 
- Digital Publishing. Today already, for tomorrow. 
- Fraud detection system: Stop losing money. Today. 
- Voting for events, blended learning and 2nd screen services 
- Boost the efficiency of your inspection processes 
MORE ABOUT OUR INDUSTRIES AND TOPICS
We are the specialist for software products and custom solutions - from strategy to operations.
 Member of the Board of Directors
Our employees enjoy the fact that they can count on every member of our community. We are proud of our many loyal employees.
As a leading Swiss software company, we support our customers worldwide with trend-setting products and custom software.
Emilija, Valerija and Ljubomir in front of our office in Skopje, one of the longest standing locations of the Netcetera Group
As a leading Swiss software company, we support our customers worldwide with trend-setting products and custom software. We cover the entire IT service lifecycle, from strategy to implementation and operation. Our balanced combination of cutting-edge technology and proven standards ensures investment security, from large-scale projects to innovative start-ups. Our 600 employees have one common goal: to help our customers reach their digital business targets.
The Netcetera Group  – a well coordinated network
In the last 20 years, we have also grown as a group. Founded in 1996 by five study colleagues, we have grown to an international holding company with several affiliates complementing our services. And whenever necessary, we also call on proven professionals from our extensive network in the IT scene.
The following companies are part of the Netcetera Group:
Blokverse is a Netcetera spin-off founded to bring the DLT based platform Attainr to the market. Attainr is a secure, full-fledged platform to manage digital education credentials. It addresses the challenges in the field of education with the merits of decentralization: secure, tamper-proof creation and issuance of digital credentials which then can be easily verified by the relying parties.
Braingroup digitizes your world of advisory: Braingroup is leading in the digital transformation of advisory and sales processes.
 With Omnium, Braingroup sets new standards in the digital advisory support for banks, insurances and health insurances. Omnium is based on a strict omni-channel strategy and enables bi-directional communication between customer portal (self-service advisory), face-to-face advisory (counseling interview) and expert advisory.
Cognism goes beyond company and contact data. We deliver your operational needs with industry leading data. In addition, we apply machine learning to your anonymized data to find fresh opportunities through our dynamic buyer persona discovery delivering next generation customer insights.
D ONE is one of the leading swiss companies for data, machine learning and artificial intelligence with national and international customers and a team of 40 experts for data driven value creation. D ONE designs and implements projects which create value from data, acts as guide on the journey to a data driven enterprise, and helps companies to shape processes, organizational structure, and company culture, leveraging the hands-on know how along the entire value chain.
ProCentric is a technology-independent IT service provider, who consistently designs and implements BPM-based individual software with an experienced team of specialists for innovative companies.
Rhumbnet is a leading IT service company that supports its customers and partners in the GCC region in the inevitable trend of digital transformation. Based in Abu Dhabi, UAE, the company brings the ideal blend of regional culture with the state-of-the-art products and services.
Unitek is specialized in processing financial data. In the last 30 years we have successfully integrated financial data (market data, master data, news) from over 60 sources into various systems. In addition to data integration, we also specialize in data processing (e.g. offering management, risk management) and data distribution in heterogeneous environments.
Securities Grid is a white-label tokenized securities issuance platform. We believe that the underlying technology that powers the capital markets will change with the emergence of distributed ledger technology. Together with our banking partners we're building the next generation distributed ledger infrastructure and white-label solutions for digital ownership management, issuance, custody & transfer of fully compliant tokenized securities.
 " > Display Address 