Andrej Vckovski, Chief Executive Officer
" title="Popover on bottom">
- Protection against credit card abuse during online payments 
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub
- Your wallet & brand. Powered by our wallet-as-a-service. 
- On top of your finances at all times 
- Digital user authentication. Secure & easy. 
- Passenger information and ticketing without boundaries 
- Digital Publishing. Today already, for tomorrow. 
- Fraud detection system: Stop losing money. Today. 
- Voting for events, blended learning and 2nd screen services 
- Boost the efficiency of your inspection processes 
MORE ABOUT OUR INDUSTRIES AND TOPICS
We are the specialist for software products and custom solutions - from strategy to operations.
 Member of the Board of Directors
Our employees enjoy the fact that they can count on every member of our community. We are proud of our many loyal employees.
As a leading Swiss software company, we support our customers worldwide with trend-setting products and custom software.
With a secure and high-performance system integration into the digital future
is one of the oldest health insurers in Switzerland and the Principality of Liechtenstein. It carries out health insurance in accordance with the Swiss Federal Law on Health Insurance and the Liechtenstein Law on Health Insurance.
"Netcetera and CONCORDIA complemented each other very well. Netcetera successfully completed a complex system integration with its expertise and experience. We have reached an important milestone on our path of digital transformation." 
Business Service Layer ensures the secure exchange of data with the customer portal and other applications.
Netcetera has connected the standard software adcubum SYRIUS to other applications via its API bridge. This secure system integration consists of the Business Service Layer, which forms the interface from the main system to various other applications, such as the digital counter, or from the customer portal to the archive. High security requirements, system coupling, transformation of the different data, scalability and high performance had to be met.
Connecting adcubum SYRIUS to various external systems
of master and transaction data with the customer portal and other applications
and the protection of personal data
Want to know more? Get in contact with our expert:
Head of Sales Digital Enterprise
 " > Display Address 
 Order entry in University Hospital Basel 
 Comprehensive digital platform optimizes processes 
 Healthcare Ecosystem 
 Success factors for more efficiency in clinical processes 
 Launching Healthcare Ecosystem 
 Digitizing hospital processes together with the i-engineers 
 Combating healthcare insurance fraud 
 Presentation & article by Kiril Milev 
 Future Trends ICT: Augmented Reality 
 Expertenvortrag am Event von IAMCP 
 Machine Learning for health insurances 
 Risk classification to detect waste, abuse and fraud 
 We are reinforcing our team Middle East 
 New Director of Sales and Business Development in Dubai 
 Full transparency in the operating room 
 Article about VR/AR possibilities and definitions 
 Why blockchain disrupts all industries 
 Elena Karafiloski presents use cases in health & education 
 Hirslanden: electronic document exchange 
 docbox health engine solution connects clinics & physicians 
 Augmented Reality for marketing 
 Devices, possibilities and new business models 
 How Blockchain changes healthcare 
 Presentation by our expert Elena Karafiloski 
 Quick and secure access to all data 
 Information system for the University Hospital Basel 
 System-wide patient dossier 
 Markus Dietrich presents solution for university hospital 
 Full-house at our AR workshop 
 Creating value with Augmented Reality 
 Meet us at events in Spring/Summer 
 Hololens in neurosurgery 
 Successful prototype with the University Hospital of Berne 