Transport - We accompany transport companies to a digital future
Andrej Vckovski, Chief Executive Officer
" title="Popover on bottom">
- Protection against credit card abuse during online payments 
ToPay Digital Payment Service Hub
- Your wallet & brand. Powered by our wallet-as-a-service. 
- On top of your finances at all times 
- Digital user authentication. Secure & easy. 
- Passenger information and ticketing without boundaries 
- Digital Publishing. Today already, for tomorrow. 
- Fraud detection system: Stop losing money. Today. 
- Voting for events, blended learning and 2nd screen services 
- Boost the efficiency of your inspection processes 
MORE ABOUT OUR INDUSTRIES AND TOPICS
We are the specialist for software products and custom solutions - from strategy to operations.
 Member of the Board of Directors
Our employees enjoy the fact that they can count on every member of our community. We are proud of our many loyal employees.
As a leading Swiss software company, we support our customers worldwide with trend-setting products and custom software.
Accompanying transport companies to a digital future
Smart mobility is the order of the day. We have the expertise to effectively combine technical skills with experience to create the solutions of the future.
Our engineers are experts in data management for real time and scheduled information solutions. We also combine innovative payment and ticketing approaches with the latest mobile technologies.
 Digital user authentication. Secure & easy. 
 Passenger information and ticketing without boundaries 
 Turns your journey into an experience 
 The Google compatible data conversion 
 Departure times at a glance 
 Wemlin Mobile Apps 
 The mobile travel assistant 
 Simple, secure, convenient: buy tickets with your smartphone 
 Tickets "Tablet Vendor" 
 Wemlin Tickets "Tablet Vendor" 
Our Wemlin product portfolio assists transport companies on the road to a digital future
Wemlin enables integrated solutions for the success of our international customers as they enter the digital age.
Talk to our expert for this industry:
 " > Display Address 
 Solving disruptions in networks with AI 
 Among five best in Flatland Challenge by SBB 
 Trans-European rail scheduling 
 Path Coordination System for RailNetEurope 
 Insight delivers insights and outlook 
 Dialogue platform for customers with customers 
 Cross-border ticket with TNW Tickets App 
 Boundless mobility thanks to Wemlin tickets 
 Rail production technology partner 
 In-house public transport ticketing 
 Eco-friendly travel from headquarters to remote locations 
 Wemlin Universal Windows App 
 The app now runs on all devices with Windows 10 
 Free rides with cinema ticket & BLT App 
 Wemlin Tickets Promotions-Toolbox loyalty program 
 Voice-controlled timetable search 
 Google Assistant news from Google I/O 
 Full-house at our AR workshop 
 Creating value with Augmented Reality 
 Toward natural conversation with devices 
 Behind-the-scenes look 
 Successful test for maintenance of trains 
 "Mixed reality" at Museum of Transport 
 Hololens breathes new life into ship 
 Our projects scooped the prizes at Best of Swiss App Award 
 Digital trip through Transport Museum 
 Our CEO Andrej Vckovski testing Media World app 
 LiveGuide: Digital traveling companion of the Zentralbahn 
 First railway company using RailVista 
 App automatically calculates supplementary zones 